1. AHMADINEJAD CALLS FOR NEW WORLD ORDERIranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ripped Western countries in response to President Obama's address at the United Nations. The loose-lipped leader insisted to The Associated Press that America is a bully, adding "God willing, a new order will come together and we'll do away with everything that distances us." Ahmadinejad also dismissed the notion that Iran is trying to build nuclear weapons and claimed that — despite Western sanctions — his country is better off than when he came into office seven years ago. [Associated Press]………………………………………………………………………………2. TODD AKIN STAYS IN SENATE RACEEmbattled Republican Missouri Senate candidate Todd Akin is staying in the race, despite calls from the GOP establishment, including Mitt Romney, to drop out. Tuesday was the last day Akin — under fire for his comments about "legitimate rape" — could be removed from the November ballot. Akin told reporters that Missouri voters spoke when they elected him to be the GOP nominee to face once-vulnerable Democrat Claire McCaskill. "It's not really my decision [to stay in the race]" he said. [USA Today]………………………………………………………………………………SEE ALSO: 10 things you need to know today: September 13, 20123. BOMBS HIT SYRIA MILITARY HQ, REPORTER KILLEDTwo bombs rocked one of Syria's military buildings in the capital of Damascus Wednesday, engulfing the building in flames. Iran's state-controlled Press TV said one of its reporters was shot and killed by a sniper as he tried to find out information about the explosions. There was no immediate word on casualities from Syrian authorities. The bombings near the army and air force command headquarters were the latest to hit the city as rebels increase their attacks to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad's regime. [CBS News]………………………………………………………………………………4. OBAMA, ROMNEY CRISSCROSS IN BATTLEGROUND OHIOPresident Obama and Mitt Romney will both be in Ohio all day Wednesday, trying to pick up votes in the crucial, battleground state. It's the first time in about two months that the two have been on the same turf. Obama will stop at Bowling Green State University and Kent State University, while his opponent will host a business roundtable in Bedford Heights before heading to Toledo. A new Washington Post poll shows Obama with an 8-point lead against Romney. No GOP candidate has ever won the White House without carrying the Buckeye State. [ABC News]………………………………………………………………………………SEE ALSO: 10 things you need to know today: September 19, 20125. GREEKS TO STRIKE AGAINST AUSTERITY Government officials in Greece are bracing for a big strike by protesters enraged by a new round of austerity measures being considered in the debt-addled country. The two biggest unions, representing nearly two million employees, have called for the nation-wide strike on Wednesday. Workers are contesting salary, pension, and welfare cuts worth nearly 12 billion euros over the next two years in return for aid from the European Union and International Monetary fund. In preparation for the strike, flights and trains were suspended, several shops closed, and hospitals called in emergency staff. [Reuters]………………………………………………………………………………6. NFL ADMITS ERROR BUT UPHOLDS TOUCHDOWNThe Seattle Seahawks beat the Green Bay Packers on Monday night on a Hail Mary touchdown pass that many fans believed was an interception rather than a touchdown. The NFL released a statement upholding the controversial call by the replacement refs. It said the results were final but conceded Seawhawks receiver Golden Tate should have been called for an offensive pass interference before the catch. [Associated Press]………………………………………………………………………………SEE ALSO: 10 things you need to know today: September 21, 20127. BROWN'S STAFF UNDER FIRE FOR 'TOMAHAWK CHOP'Republican Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown's campaign is coming under the microscope after a video surfaced showing the lawmaker's top staffers chanting Indian "war whoops" and making "tomahawk chops" during a Boston rally last weekend. The offensive footage comes as Brown attempts to make his opponent, Democrat Elizabeth Warren's claimed Native American heritage an issue in the race. Brown told a local station that he didn't "condone" his staffers' actions but insisted the "real offense" is that Warren is white but she has previously "checked the box saying she is Native American." [The Hill]………………………………………………………………………………8. 'MANHATTAN MADAM' PLEADS GUILTY Anna Gristina, the suburban mother of four charged with running an expensive escort service in New York City, pleaded guilty Tuesday to promoting prostitution as part of a plea deal. The 45-year-old, nicknamed the "Manhattan Madam," had previously argued that she ran a dating service for 15 years, and not a multi-million dollar prostitution ring. The judge said she'll be sentenced Nov. 20 to time served and probation. The legal U.S. resident, originally from Scotland, could also be deported. [Associated Press]………………………………………………………………………………SEE ALSO: 10 things you need to know today: September 17, 20129. STUDY: SUICIDE KILLS MORE THAN CAR CRASHESAccording to a new study published in the American Journal of Public Health, suicide has surpassed car accidents as the No. 1 cause of injury-related death in the United States. From 2000 to 2009, the death rate from suicide increased 15 percent, while it decreased a substantial 25 percent for car crashes. Death by unintentional poisoning, which includes drug overdoses, came in third after increasing a whopping 128 percent in the same time period. [LiveScience]………………………………………………………………………………10. MADONNA CALLS OBAMA A 'BLACK MUSLIM'Pop star Madonna is raising eyebrows after exclaiming at her Washington D.C. concert on Monday, "For better or worse, all right, we have a black Muslim in the White House." The singer, who had "Obama" written on her back, urged her fans to vote for Obama in November. Madonna said in a statement on Tuesday that she was being deliberately ironic. "Yes, I know Obama is not a Muslim — though I know that plenty of people in this country think he is. And what if he were? The point I was making is that a good man is a good man, no matter who he prays to. I don't care what religion Obama is — nor should anyone else in America," she said. [NBC News]SEE ALSO: 10 things you need to know today: September 11, 2012View this article on TheWeek.com Get 4 Free Issues of The WeekOther stories from this section:	3	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	3	1	3	2	1	1	3	4
The media has evolved from pamphlets to podcasts in order to deliver news to customers. In rare instances, some of the best minds in media and advertising come together and share where media is going next. One of these opportunities will occur on Nov. 2, 2012 at the Mashable Media Summit.[More from Mashable: YouTube-Grown Duo Karmin Make the Cover of ‘Rolling Stone’]The Mashable Media Summit is a one-day conference that explores how new forms of technology are redefining media. Industry leaders will speak at the TimesCenter in New York City to explore the latest innovations in the space and the future of journalism.Tickets include all conference sessions, breakfast, lunch and a networking reception. Get your tickets now before they sell out.[More from Mashable: More Americans Getting News From Mobile and Social as Print, TV Decline [STUDY]]Or better yet, ask your company to buy your ticket. Here are five compelling reasons why attending the 2012 Mashable Media Summit is a valuable investment for you and your organization.1. Industry leaders: Experts from Hearst Corp., Tumblr, Reddit, Facebook, Linkedin, PBS, AKQA, SocialFlow, Salon and others will speak about the latest trends and innovations in media and advertising.2. Partnerships: This one-day conference brings together a wide range of professionals in digital, tech, advertising, sales, marketing, mobile and publishing. This is a perfect opportunity to network and form new business relationships.3. Educational: With topics like "digital media 2013 trends," "the biggest lies in advertising" and "social analytics: what you can and should be measuring," you will learn actionable takeaways you can bring back to the office.4. Inspirational: Get motivated by new ideas and information.5. Networking and mingling with Mashable staff: Mashable staff will be around and excited to network and mingle with our community.Check out the highlights below of last year's sold out Mashable Media Summit. This is one event you don't want to miss, so get your tickets now!Image courtesy of iStockphoto, wraggDate: Friday, Nov. 2, 2012 Time: 10:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Location: The TimesCenter, 242 West 41st Street, New York, NY 10036 Tickets: Purchase early bird tickets on Eventbrite.The Mashable Media Summit on Nov. 4 at the Times Center in New York City attracted professionals in digital, tech, advertising, sales, marketing, mobile and publishing from all over the world.Click here to view this gallery.A limited number of sponsor opportunities are available for the Mashable Media Summit. This is an excellent opportunity to get in front of Mashable’s passionate and influential audience. Contact sponsorships@mashable.com for opportunities.This story originally published on Mashable here.	2	3	4	4	3	2	2	3	4	2	2	3	2	1	3	
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — An Afghan soldier turned his gun on American troops at a checkpoint in the country's east, killing two Americans and two fellow members of Afghanistan's army in a shooting that marked both the continuance of a disturbing trend of insider attacks and the 2,000th US troop death in the long-running war, officials said Sunday.The string of insider attacks is one of the greatest threats to NATO's mission in the country, endangering a partnership key to training up Afghan security forces and withdrawing international troops.Saturday's shooting took place at an Afghan army checkpoint just outside a joint U.S.-Afghan base in Wardak province, said Shahidullah Shahid, a provincial government spokesman. At least two Afghan soldiers died, he said."Initial reports indicate that a misunderstanding happened between Afghan army soldiers and American soldiers," Shahid said. He said investigators had been sent to the site to try to figure out what happened. It was not clear if the assailant was killed.The attack happened about 5 p.m. in Sayd Abad district, Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman Gen. Zahir Azimi said in an emailed statement. He did not provide further details.NATO forces announced the assault early Sunday morning, saying only that it was "suspected insider attack" and that a NATO service member and civilian contractor were killed.One U.S. official confirmed that the service member killed was American, while another confirmed that the civilian was also American. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the nationality of the dead had not yet been formally announced.Afghan soldiers and policemen — or militants in their uniforms — have gunned down more than 50 foreign troops so far this year, eroding the trust between coalition forces and their Afghan partners. An equal number of Afghan policemen and soldiers also died in these attacks, giving them reason as well to be suspicious of possible infiltrators within their ranks.The attacks are taking a toll on the partnership between international and Afghan forces, prompting the U.S. military to restrict operations with small-sized Afghan units earlier this month.The close contact — with coalition forces working side by side with Afghan troops as advisers, mentors and trainers — is a key part of the U.S. strategy for preparing the Afghans to take the lead in security operations as the U.S. and other nations prepare to pull out their last combat troops at the end of 2014, just 27 months away.The number of American military dead reflects an Associated Press count of those members of the armed services killed inside Afghanistan since the U.S.-led invasion on Oct. 7, 2001.	4	4	4	2	3	2	2	3	3	2	3	1	1	3	3	4
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South African stocks edged down 0.5 percent on Friday, as investors hit Harmony Gold on the stronger rand and Anglo American Platinum on concerns over labour unrest.Shares of Telkom SA slumped 5.5 percent to 18.30 rand, adding to a similar fall on Thursday when the fixed-line operator warned that first-half profits will likely fall by nearly 65 percent."I think the rand played a key factor here today," said Sasha Naryshkine, analyst at asset manager Vestact."It firmed up and has hurt gold and platinum stocks."The benchmark Top-40 index declined 0.46 percent to 31,934.87. It hit a record high of 32,381.54 last week.The broader All-share index dropped 0.42 percent to 36,206.33. It hit a record high earlier this week.The rand currency rose nearly 1 percent on Friday. A stronger rand is a negative for mining companies, which sell metal for dollars but pay costs in the rand.Harmony Gold tumbled 4.8 percent to 74.41 rand. The bulk of its production comes from South Africa, making Harmony the most sensitive of major gold producers to movements in the currency.Shares of Anglo American Platinum fell 1.8 percent to 440.79 rand. Wildcat strikes continued at four of the company's mines on Friday, with less than 20 percent of the workforce reporting for duty.The world's top platinum producer said in a statement it required all employees to return by the late shift on Monday or face legal action.Shares of African Rainbow Minerals fell 3.5 percent to 167.50 rand after it traded ex-dividend, or without the right to its latest dividend.Trade was active, with 179 million shares changing hands on the bourse. Volume on the All-share have averaged 176 million shares a day over the last three months, according to Thomson Reuters data.	3	3	2	3	3	2	2	3	2	4	2	1	1	2	3	4
(Reuters) - Air Canada , Canada's biggest airline, said it would form an integrated leisure group by combining its tour operator business with its planned low-cost airline.The airline named Michael Friisdahl chief executive officer of the leisure group, which will include tour operator business Air Canada Vacations.Air Canada had in August said it would start up a low-cost airline in 2013 to fly to holiday destinations in North America, the Caribbean and Europe.Shares of the company were up 1.5 percent at C$1.33 on the Toronto Stock Exchange on Tuesday afternoon.(Reporting by Maneesha Tiwari in Bangalore; Editing by Supriya Kurane)	2	2	3	2	2	1	2	2	2	2	2	1	1	1	2	4
BERLIN (Reuters) - Islamist militants are increasingly funding themselves through kidnapping, with al Qaeda's north African wing likely to have brought in tens of millions of dollars in ransoms in the past few years, a senior U.S. Treasury official said.The United States estimates militant organizations received $120 million in ransoms over the past decade, including to al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) in recent years, said David Cohen, undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence.Kidnapping for ransom was an "urgent threat", particularly in the Sahel, a belt of land spanning nearly a dozen of the world's poorest nations on the Sahara's southern rim, Cohen told reporters in Berlin on Tuesday."It is what has become perhaps the most challenging and fastest growing technique that terrorist organizations, in particular the affiliates of al Qaeda in North Africa and in Yemen, have been using to fund themselves over the last couple of years."Cohen said the average ransom had gone up consistently over the years and was in the range of $5 million per payment."So, it is a growing and really quite urgent threat, particularly in North Africa, in the Sahel and in Mali in particular, where AQIM has now managed to claim dominion over a large territory."AQIM emerged out of Algeria's civil conflict and has expanded south into the Sahara, raising its profile in recent years with hit-and-run attacks and kidnappings of westerners.Militant groups have benefited from lapses in security across the region as countries transition from years of dictatorship to more democratic government.Cohen, on a week-long trip that includes stops in Britain, France, Germany and Italy, said he was talking with other governments in the hope of developing a unified approach to the kidnapping problem.While the U.S. government has a policy of not paying ransoms, some European governments do so.Talks were centered around steps to prevent kidnappings happening in the first place, the handling of hostage situations when they occur, and the tracing of financial flows when ransoms are paid, Cohen said.Iran and Syria were the other main topics of discussion with his European counterparts, he saidSanctions against Syria over the past 18 months had taken a "significant bite" out of the government's finances, he said, declining to give figures. "You have a situation where the Syrian government is spending at a greater rate."They are spending on security needs, on providing subsidies to their citizens, at the same time that the revenue side of the ledger is being significantly restrained. The natural impact of that is that their reserves are depleting."(Editing by Dan Lalor)	4	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	3	4
The University of Tennessee has suspended a fraternity for 30 days after one of its members was dumped at a hospital with a blood alcohol level of "well over" 0.4 percent, five times the legal limit for driving and clearly within what doctors call the "death zone" for alcohol poisoning. The thing is, the 20-year-old student hadn't been drinking, exactly. According to Knoxville police, he and his Pi Kappa Alpha frat brothers had been giving one another "alcohol enemas." University officials were appalled. "Shock would not be an [overstatement]," says Tim Rogers, vice chancellor of student life. "I myself had never heard of what has been alleged." What are alcohol enemas, and how popular have they become?What, exactly, is an alcohol enema?Unfortunately, it's pretty much what it sounds like: A tube is inserted in the rectum and alcohol is poured directly into the colon. A more colloquial name is "butt chugging." In the Tennessee case, police say they found several bags from boxes of wine scattered around the fraternity, along with several passed-out guys. It isn't, apparently, a pain-free way to get blitzed: The student who was admitted to the hospital was "extremely intoxicated and showed signs of physical and possible sexual assault," the police report says.SEE MORE: Can thermal cameras tell how drunk you are?And this gets you drunk?Yes, and fast. According to the Knoxville police, the frat guys apparently used "rubber tubing inserted into their rectums as a conduit for alcohol, as the abundance of capillaries and blood vessels present [in the area] greatly heightens the level and speed of the alcohol entering the bloodstream as it bypasses the filtering by the liver." That's what makes alcohol enemas so dangerous, gastroenterologist Dr. Preston Stewart tells CNN. Our stomachs and livers use an enzyme called alcohol dehydrogenase to break down alcohol and make it less toxic, but booze enters the bloodstream unfiltered when it's poured into the gastrointestinal tract.So why not just down shots?Presumably part of the draw is that "you get totally plastered at a much faster rate," says Mary Fischer at The Stir, who says that when she was at the University of Tennessee, "the worst thing anyone ever did was funnel a few beers or partake in a keg stand or two." Boredom or curiosity may also have driven the enema recipients, Dr. Aaron White, at the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA), tells CNN. "In the past year or so there have been several stories about young people finding unique ways to get alcohol in their bodies," in part because they think it will prevent vomiting and hangovers. But throwing up excess alcohol, he notes, is one way your body keeps you alive.SEE MORE: Disney World starts serving booze: About time?Was this a hazing incident?The UT chapter of Pi Kappa Alpha was cited for hazing in 2008, but the university thinks this was just a high-risk boozing incident. The student isn't new to the university or the fraternity, and hazing is usually associated with pledging. In any case, says Joslyn Gray at Babble, "you don't need a college degree to understand that it's never a good idea to get your party planning tips from a Jackass movie."How common is "butt chugging"?Hard to say; we don't have reliable specific numbers. More generally, about 1,825 college students 18 to 24 die each year from alcohol-related injuries, according to NIAAA figures. It's not uncommon to hear of a new exotic routes to intoxication — besides "butt-chugging," thrill-seekers have been known to insert vodka-soaked tampons into the vagina or anus, or indulge in "vodka eyeballing." And it's not just college students: A Texas man died in 2004 after his wife gave him a sherry enema. Alcohol enemas are "extraordinarily dangerous," says the NIAAA's White, "but people shouldn't get the impression that it's a widespread phenomenon."SEE MORE: How the shape of a beer glass changes your drinking speedSources: Babble, CNN (2), Digital Journal, Knoxville News Sentinel, New York Daily News, The StirView this article on TheWeek.com Get 4 Free Issues of The WeekOther stories from this topic:	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	1	3	4	4
To ink or not to ink? This week, the American Medical Association published what's considered to be the first scientific survey of tattoo removal, detailing which tattoos are hardest to remove (blue ink) and what factors reduce the odds of erasing the damn thing (smoking). The report is a sure sign that tattoos — once the province of rock stars and ne'er-do-wells — have become thoroughly mainstream. Indeed, today not only are tattoo artists enjoying a robust growth-industry, their counterparts — the tattoo-effacement experts — are busily tending to Americans who regret that faded tribal design encircling their biceps or have discovered that the Chinese character on their wrist has an unwelcome meaning. Here, a numerical guide to America's tattoo obsession:$2.3 billion Annual revenue of the tattoo industry15,000 Tattoo parlors in America21 Percent of Americans who have a tattoo23 Percent of women who have a tattoo19 Percent of men who have a tattoo36 Percent of 18-to-25-year-olds who have a tattoo38 Percent of 30-to-39-year-olds who have a tattoo11 Percent of 50-to-64-year-olds who have a tattoo50 Percent of people who think having a tattoo is rebellious$80 to $100 Average per hour cost of a tattoo$150-$350 Per hour cost of a tattoo in Brooklyn, N.Y.$200 Cost of a laser tattoo removal session10-15 Sessions needed to remove a tattoo32 Percentage increase in tattoo removals over the last yearSources: Harris Interactive, The Huffington Post, The Motley Fool, NBC News, Pew Research Center, Tattoo Info, The Wall Street Journal (2)SEE ALSO: Hewlett-Packard's Meg Whitman: Has her turnaround strategy failed already?View this article on TheWeek.com Get 4 Free Issues of The WeekOther stories from this section:	3	3	3	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	3	1	1	1	2	4
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Antigua and Barbuda is threatening unspecified sanctions against the U.S. if the federal government fails to lift a trade "blockade" preventing the island from hosting Internet gambling, a top government official from the island nation sa	3	3	3	4	3	3	4	4	3	1	2	2	1	2	3	5
(Reuters) - Astex Pharmaceuticals Inc said it would discontinue the development of its experimental small-cell lung cancer drug amuvatinib as the drug failed to meet the main goal of a mid-stage study.The main goal of the study was to show that the drug did not have less than 10 percent response rate in treating lung cancer patients. However, Amuvatinib showed only a 9.5 percent response rate.The company said it would now consider licensing the compound to any partners interested in its development.No new safety issues were identified in the trial, the company said in a statement.Shares of Astex closed at $3.32 on Thursday on the Nasdaq.(Reporting By Vrinda Manocha in Bangalore; Editing by Roshni Menon)	2	3	3	3	2	3	2	2	3	3	3	2	2	2	2	4
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said this week that Israel's talk of launching a surgical military strike to end Tehran's nuclear program is pure bluff. "While we are fully ready to defend ourselves, we do not take these threats seriously," Ahmadinejad said after arriving in New York for a meeting of the United Nations General Assembly. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has called on President Obama to draw a "red line" that Iran can't cross if it wants to avoid a military confrontation, and at the U.N. on Tuesday, Obama warned Tehran that his administration would "do what we must" to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons. Netanyahu worries that Iran could be close to building its first nuclear bomb in six or seven months, although the U.S. believes the danger is farther off. Would Israel really attack Iran on its own if it thinks it can't afford to wait any longer?Israel may very well attack Iran: Israel isn't just rattling sabers, David Makovsky, an Israel expert and senior fellow at the Washington Institute, tells National Journal. Netanyahu and Co. are convinced that if Iran goes nuclear, it will use the bomb to try to make good on its threat to wipe Israel off the map. Israeli leaders aren't sure "about American resolve if diplomacy and sanctions fail," and they're "hardwired" to launch a military strike alone if that's what it takes."The path to war with Iran"SEE MORE: 5 reasons Netanyahu is challenging Obama over IranIsrael is bluffing: Israel doesn't really think Iran's nuclear program puts the Jewish state's very existence "in peril," says Patrick J. Buchanan at Human Events. If it did, it wouldn't waste time discussing conventional air strikes when it could "drop a single atom bomb" and destroy Iran's most fortified nuclear sites for good. Plus, the "mullahs are not madmen" who would risk their own nuclear annihilation by attacking Israel, and Netanyahu knows that. He's bluffing to scare Obama into fighting his war for him."Has Obama called Bibi's bluff?"Netanyahu wants U.S. help — but he's dead serious: I'm "skeptical that Israel can go it alone," says Michael Ross at Canada's National Post, but that doesn't mean Netanyahu is bluffing. Iran is a sworn enemy of Israel and the West, and the stakes here are too high to be making idle threats. Netanyahu is just "applying much needed pressure" to make sure the international community does something before it's too late. He knows, as everyone should, that "an Iranian regime brandishing nuclear weapons is not just an Israel problem, it is a world problem.""Israel needs our help to subdue Iran"SEE MORE: Are the Iran sanctions actually working?View this article on TheWeek.com Get 4 Free Issues of The WeekOther stories from this topic:	3	3	3	2	3	2	2	3	3	2	3	3	1	2	3	4
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australians are suddenly a whole lot better off after the government statistician "found" A$325 billion ($338 billion) in share assets previously unrecognized.The Australian Bureau of Statistics on Thursday released its latest report on household assets which included massive upward revisions to estimates for equity holdings. Total financial assets were now put at A$3.1 trillion at the end of March, compared to the originally reported A$2.77 trillion.The revision is worth roughly A$14,380 for every one of the country's 22.6 million people."This issue incorporates new estimates for households holding of unlisted shares and other equity in other private non financial corporations," the statistician drily noted.The value of such equity is now put at A$383 billion at the end of March, compared to the original A$91 billion."The Bureau of Statistics has effectively 'found' A$325 billion in household wealth," said Craig James, chief economist at CommSec.Total financial assets also rose further in the second quarter to stand at A$3.11 trillion by the end of June, up A$76 billion on the same period last year.No less than A$702 billion of that was held in bank deposits. Australian banks have been competing fiercely for deposits to reduce their dependence on offshore funding, while households have been keen to save more in the wake of the global financial crisis.Since the end of 2007 the amount of money stashed in bank deposits has climbed by A$260 billion, or almost 60 percent."Australians are continuing their love affair with defensive assets such as cash and bank deposits," said James."And it's not just Aussie consumers, but companies and even superannuation funds," he added. "Pension or superannuation funds have more than 15 percent of funds in cash and deposits - the highest proportion on record."Non-financial companies held A$395 billion in cash and deposits at the end of June, suggesting one reason why lending to businesses has been so sluggish in the last couple of years.The upward revisions to wealth also mean households do not look quite as stretched when compared to their debts.The ABS now estimates the ratio of debt to liquid assets was 129.1 percent in March, well down on the original estimate of 170.1 percent.There have been long-standing concerns that the high debt levels of Australian households left them vulnerable to an economic shock such as a sharp rise in the, currently low, 5.1 percent unemployment rate.(Reporting by Wayne Cole; Editing by Kim Coghill)(Wayne.Cole@thomsonreuters.com; 612 9373 1813; Reuters Messaging: wayne.cole.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net)	2	3	2	3	4	4	3	2	2	3	2	3	3	2	3	4
BERLIN (AP) — The mayor of Munich has tapped the first keg of beer to kick off the 179th traditional German folk festival Oktoberfest.With only two blows of his hammer and a cry of "O'zapft is" — "It's Tapped" — Mayor Christian Ude inserted the first tap into the first keg as the festival opened Saturday.More than six million guests from around the world are expected to descend on the beer tents of Munich to celebrate Oktoberfest through October 7.Last year's visitors consumed almost 8 million 2-pint (1-liter) mugs of beer. This year a mug, called "Mass" in German, sells at up to €9.50 ($12.30).German authorities keep security tight around the fairgrounds which accommodate hundreds of thousands of people at a time, although, they say, no concrete threat exists.	3	4	3	3	2	2	3	2	3	2	4	1	2	1	3	3
Sept. 30: Actress Angie Dickinson is 81. Singer Cissy Houston is 79. Singer Johnny Mathis is 77. Actor Len Cariou is 73. Singer Marilyn McCoo is 69. Singer Sylvia Peterson of The Chiffons is 66. Actor John Finn ("Cold Case") is 60. Guitarist John Lombardo (10,000 Maniacs) is 60. Country singer Deborah Allen is 59. Jazz singer Patrice Rushen is 58. Actor Barry Williams ("The Brady Bunch") is 58. Actress Fran Drescher is 55. Country singer Marty Stuart is 54. Actress Crystal Bernard ("Wings") is 51. Actor Eric Stoltz is 51. Rapper-producer Marley Marl is 50. Country singer Eddie Montgomery of Montgomery Gentry is 49. Singer Trey Anastasio of Phish is 48. Bassist Robby Takac of The Goo Goo Dolls is 48. Actress Monica Bellucci ("The Passion of the Christ," ''The Matrix Reloaded") is 48. Actor Tony Hale ("Arrested Development") is 42. Actress Jenna Elfman is 41. Actor Ashley Hamilton is 38. Actress Lacey Chabert is 30. Actor Kieran Culkin is 29. Rapper T-Pain is 28.Oct. 1: Actress-singer Julie Andrews is 77. Actress Stella Stevens is 74. Saxophonist Jerry Martini of Sly and the Family Stone is 69. Actor Stephen Collins is 65. Actor Randy Quaid is 62. Singer Howard Hewett is 57. Drummer Tim O'Reagan of The Jayhawks is 54. Singer Youssou N'Dour is 53. Actor Esai Morales ("NYPD Blue") is 50. Actor Christopher Titus ("Titus") is 48. Model-actress Cindy Margolis is 47. Singer-guitarist Kevin Griffin of Better Than Ezra is 44. Actor Zach Galifianakis ("The Hangover") is 43. Actress Sarah Drew ("Grey's Anatomy," ''Everwood") is 32. Actress Brie Larson ("United States of Tara") is 23.Oct. 2: Singer-guitarist Leon Rausch of Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys is 85. Critic Rex Reed is 74. Singer Don McLean is 67. Country singer Jo-el Sonnier is 66. Actor Avery Brooks ("Star Trek: Deep Space Nine") is 64. Guitarist Mike Rutherford of Genesis and Mike and the Mechanics is 62. Musician Sting is 61. Actress Lorraine Bracco is 58. Guitarist Greg Jennings of Restless Heart is 58. Singer Phil Oakey of Human League is 57. Singer Freddie Jackson is 54. Singer-producer Robbie Nevil is 54. Drummer Bud Gaugh of Sublime and Long Beach Dub All-Stars is 45. Country singer Gillian Welch is 45. Country singer Kelly Willis is 44. Singer Dion Allen of Az Yet is 42. Actress-talk-show host Kelly Ripa is 42. Singer Tiffany is 41. Singer Lene Nystrom (Aqua) is 39. Actor Efren Ramirez ("Napoleon Dynamite") is 39. Singer LaTocha Scott of Xscape is 39. Gospel singer and former "American Idol" contestant Mandisa is 36. Bassist Mike Rodden of Hinder is 30. Singer Brittany Howard of Alabama Shakes is 24.Oct. 3: Singer Chubby Checker is 71. Actor Alan Rachins is 70. Magician Roy Horn of Siegfried and Roy is 68. Singer-guitarist Lindsey Buckingham of Fleetwood Mac is 63. Jazz saxophonist Ronnie Laws is 62. Blues singer Keb' Mo' is 61. Actor Peter Frechette ("Profiler") is 56. Actor-comedian Greg Proops is 53. Actor Jack Wagner is 53. Drummer Tommy Lee of Motley Crue is 50. Actress Janel Moloney is 43. Singer Gwen Stefani of No Doubt is 43. Singer Kevin Richardson of the Backstreet Boys is 41. Singer G. Love is 40. Actress Keiko Agena ("Gilmore Girls") is 39. Actress Neve Campbell is 39. Singer India.Arie is 37. Rapper Talib Kweli is 37. Actor Seann William Scott is 36. Guitarist Josh Klinghoffer of Red Hot Chili Peppers is 33. Guitarist Mark King of Hinder is 30. Country singer Cherrill Green of Edens Edge is 29. Singer Ashlee Simpson is 28.Oct. 4: Author Jackie Collins is 75. Author Anne Rice is 71. Actress Lori Saunders ("Petticoat Junction") is 71. Actor Clifton Davis ("Amen") is 67. Actress Susan Sarandon is 66. Actor Armand Assante is 63. Actor Alan Rosenberg is 62. Actor Bill Fagerbakke ("Coach," ''Spongebob Squarepants") is 55. Rap producer Russell Simmons is 55. Keyboardist Chris Lowe of The Pet Shop Boys is 53. Keyboardist Gregg "Hobie" Hubbard of Sawyer Brown is 52. Singer Jon Secada is 51. Actor Liev Schreiber is 45. Country singer-guitarist Heidi Newfield (Trick Pony) is 42. Actress Alicia Silverstone is 36. Singer-guitarist Marc Roberge of O.A.R. is 34. Actress Rachel Leigh Cook is 33. Singer Jessica Benson of 3LW is 25.Oct. 5: Comedian Bill Dana is 88. Singer Arlene Smith of The Chantels is 71. Singer Richard Street (The Temptations) is 70. Singer-guitarist Steve Miller is 69. Singer Brian Johnson of AC/DC is 65. Actress Karen Allen is 61. Director Clive Barker is 60. Guitarist David Bryson of Counting Crows is 58. Singer Bob Geldof is 58. Actor Daniel Baldwin ("Homicide: Life on the Streets") is 52. Guitarist Dave Dederer (Presidents of the United States of America) is 48. Actress Josie Bissett ("Melrose Place") is 42. Singer-actress Heather Headley is 38. Singer Colin Meloy of The Decemberists is 38. Guitarist Brian Mashburn of Save Ferris is 37. Actress Parminder Nagra is 37. Actor Scott Weinger ("Full House") is 37. Actress Kate Winslet is 37. Guitarist James Valentine of Maroon 5 is 34. Bassist Paul Thomas of Good Charlotte is 32. Actor Jesse Eisenberg is 29.Oct. 6: Actress Britt Ekland is 70. Singer Millie Small is 66. Singer-guitarist Thomas McClary (The Commodores) is 63. Singer Kevin Cronin of REO Speedwagon is 61. Guitarist David Hidalgo of Los Lobos is 58. Actress Elisabeth Shue is 49. Singer-songwriter Matthew Sweet is 48. Country singer Tim Rushlow (Little Texas) is 46. Bassist Tommy Stinson (The Replacements, Guns N' Roses) is 46. Actor Ioan Gruffudd ("Fantastic Four," ''Horatio Hornblower") is 39. Actor Jeremy Sisto is 38. Singer Melinda Doolittle ("American Idol") is 35. Actor Wes Ramsey ("CSI: Miami") is 35.	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	5
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's ruling Communist Party accused disgraced politician Bo Xilai of abusing power, taking huge bribes and other crimes on Friday, sealing the fate of a controversial leader whose fall shook a leadership handover due at a congress from November 8.The once high-flying Bo now faces a criminal investigation that stemmed from a murder scandal, and will almost certainly be jailed. With the Communist Party congress about six weeks away, further steps in the case could come before then, helping pave the way for a transition of power, experts said."Bo Xilai's actions created grave repercussions and did massive harm to the reputation of the party and state, producing an extremely malign effect at home and abroad," the official statement from a party leaders' meeting said, according to a report by the official Xinhua news agency.Bo's wife Gu Kailai and his former police chief Wang Lijun have already been jailed over the scandal stemming from the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood in the southwestern municipality of Chongqing, where Bo was Communist Party chief.The official statement carried by Xinhua said that in the murder scandal, Bo "abused his powers of office, committed serious errors and bears a major responsibility".That charge appears to reflect accusations from Wang's trial that suggested Bo tried to stymie the murder investigation.Reports that Bo, the "princeling" son of a revolutionary leader, could escape with a light punishment have now been dealt a fatal blow, and accusations of womanizing could further tarnish his reputation in the eyes of Chinese people.But the few weeks left before the congress will probably not allow time for a trial, said He Weifang, a law professor at Peking University who has closely followed Bo's downfall."I think it's quite certain that he won't be able to escape punishment under the criminal law, but the timing makes it unlikely that will happen before the congress," said He."I'd guess that he'll get a jail sentence of 20 years or longer. The death penalty is unlikely, although the bribery charges could in theory allow it, if the amount is as huge as they say."At the congress, Chinese President Hu Jintao will step down as party chief, almost certainly making way for Vice President Xi Jinping to emerge as top leader. Xi is then almost sure to be appointed state president at the annual parliament session, likely in March next year.WARNING TO HEED EXAMPLEBo, 63, has been expelled from the party as well as the elite decision-making Politburo and Central Committee "in view of his errors and culpability in the Wang Lijun incident and the intentional homicide case involving Bogu Kailai", said the party announcement.Bogu is his wife's official but rarely used surname.Bo's "grave violations of party discipline" extended back to his time as an official in Dalian city and Liaoning province in northeast China, and as minister of commerce, said the statement from the Politburo."Party organizations at all levels must use the case of Bo Xilai's grave disciplinary violations as a negative example," it said.Bo's son, Bo Guagua, who was a friend of the murdered Heywood, has remained largely silent throughout the fall of his parents. He appears to be still in the United States, after finishing graduate studies at Harvard University.Since Bo Xilai was ousted in March, he has not been seen in public and has not been allowed to answer the accusations against him. At a news conference days before his removal, Bo rejected as "filth" and "nonsense" the then unspecified allegations against him and his family.At the same time as announcing the slate of accusations against Bo, the party set the November 8 date for the congress that will unveil the country's new central leadership line-up. Eight is considered a lucky number in China.The twin announcements will "significantly reduce perceived political and economic risks" and "help end policy paralysis," Ting Lu, China economist Bank of America/Merrill Lynch in Hong Kong said in an emailed research note."If anything, this should make markets and the general public somewhat assured that this is not really being delayed too far," Damien Ma, an analyst for the Eurasia Group who follows Chinese politics, said of the November 8 congress date.LEFTIST SYMPATHISERS CRY FOULBo, 63, was widely seen as pursuing a powerful spot in the new political line-up before his career unraveled after his former police chief, Wang Lijun, fled to a U.S. consulate for more than 24 hours in February and alleged that Bo's wife Gu had poisoned Heywood to death.After his appointment as party chief of Chongqing in 2007, Bo, a former commerce minister, turned it into a showcase of revolution-inspired "red" culture and his policies for egalitarian, state-led growth. He also won national attention with a crackdown on organized crime.His brash self-promotion irked some leaders. But his populist ways and crime clean-up were welcomed by many of Chongqing's 30 million residents, as well as others who hoped that Bo could take his leftist-shaded policies nationwide.His likely trial could still stir that ideological contention. China's party-run courts rarely find in favor of defendants, especially in politically-sensitive cases.After state television announced the charges against Bo, some leftist sympathizers insisted that he was the innocent victim of a political plot."I just still don't believe that Bo has so many problems with corruption," Han Deqiang, a leftist Beijing academic who has supported Bo, told Reuters. "We have to wait and see what else comes out. But I don't think we've been given the truth."In March, Bo was sacked as Chongqing party boss, and in April he was suspended from the party's Politburo, a powerful decision-making council with two dozen active members.The latest party statement also said Bo "had or maintained improper sexual relations with multiple women". It added that the investigation discovered clues of other, unspecified crimes."We'll have to wait and see what charges are accepted by the prosecutors in any indictment," said Li Zhuang, a Beijing lawyer who was jailed by Bo after raising allegations that Chongqing's anti-crime gang policies involved torture and other unchecked abuses. "The charges could change."(Additional reporting by Michael Martina and Sally Huang in Beijing, and John Ruwitch in Shanghai; Editing by Jeremy Laurence)	4	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	1	2	2	1	2	3	
WACO, Texas (AP) — Several businesses in the Central Texas town of Waco (WAY'-koh) are dealing with a smelly problem that won't go away: decaying cricket carcasses.A bank, a drugstore and other businesses have been inundated with the odorous onslaught of dead crickets that have been trapped inside walls and have collected on sidewalks.Jani Rodriguez, the branch manager at Synergy Bank, tells the Waco Tribune-Herald (http://bit.ly/QcSOLs) that scented products have been unable to get rid of the smell. Using air-scrubbing machines hasn't worked either.Fred Huffman, an entomologist who runs a local pest control business, says the cricket problem has been worse this year because mild winter conditions resulted in the insects appearing earlier than normal.Health officials say the crickets don't pose any direct health risks.___Information from: Waco Tribune-Herald, http://www.wacotrib.com	2	3	3	3	3	2	1	2	2	1	2	1	1	2	2	4
BERLIN (Reuters) - The head of the European Central Bank, Mario Draghi, will discuss the state of economic and currency union in the euro zone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin next Tuesday, a senior German source said on Wednesday.The source, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Joerg Asmussen, Germany's executive board member at the ECB, would join the talks from the bank's side. Draghi is also due to address Germany's main industry group BDI the same day.The Italian ECB chief has said he wants to explain his plans for rescuing the euro to German policymakers. The budget committee of Germany's lower house of parliament, the Bundestag, has invited him to do so, though no date has yet been announced.The ECB's plans for potentially unlimited purchases of debt issued by troubled euro zone countries have stirred deep unease in Germany, where some see them as violating a taboo on the central bank financing state budgets and also fear they will fan inflation.(Reporting by Berlin bureau)	2	3	3	3	2	2	2	2	2	1	2	2	1	1	2	4
CAIRO (AP) — An Egyptian court has convicted three Islamists of killing a student this summer as he sat in a quiet park with his fiancée, sentencing them to 15 years in prison in a case that sparked fears of vigilantes trying to enforce strict religious mores.The state-owned Middle East News Agency said the Tuesday verdict was read out in a heavily-guarded courtroom in the Red Sea city of Suez, where 20-year-old Ahmed Hussein Eid was killed in June. According to security officials at the time, three bearded men argued with Eid for loitering in the park with a woman who was not his wife. One fatally stabbed him.Many in Egypt fear that the rising political power of ultraconservative Islamists will see them flexing their muscles on the streets as well.	2	2	2	3	2	2	2	2	2	1	3	2	1	4	2	4
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Egypt's new President Mohammed Morsi assigned himself the heavyweight's role in the Middle East on Wednesday, declaring in his first speech to the United Nations that the civil war raging in Syria is the "tragedy of the age" and must be brought to an end.In a wide-ranging address that touched on all major issues confronting the region, Morsi also decried Israeli settlement-building on territory Palestinians claim for a future state and condemned a film produced in the United States that denigrates Islam's Prophet Muhammad.He urged all U.N. member nations to join in an effort to end what he called "the catastrophe in Syria" that pits the regime of Bashar Assad against opposition forces trying to end 40 years of dictatorship. More than 30,000 people have been killed in the 18-month conflict.Morsi has called for Assad to step down and said Wednesday that "the bloodshed in Syria and the humanitarian crisis that has unfolded must be stopped."Morsi, an Islamist and key member of the once-banned Muslim Brotherhood, opened his remarks to the U.N. General Assembly by celebrating himself as Egypt's first democratically elected leader who was swept into office after what he called a "great, peaceful revolution" that overthrew Hosni Mubarak.He then quickly inserted himself into the thorniest issues in the Middle East, demanding that the United Nations grant membership to the Palestinians, with or without a peace agreement with Israel."The fruits of dignity and freedom must not remain far from the Palestinian people," he said, adding that it was "shameful" that U.N. resolutions are not enforced.The Palestinians are expected to again ask for U.N. recognition and formally make application to the world body in November, after the U.S. presidential election. President Barack Obama said when the Palestinians sought recognition last year that Washington would block the move until there was a peace deal with Israel. The focus of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations, which have been on hold for four years, is a two-state solution that would formally grant the Palestinians the rights of an independent country.In his bid to end the violence in Syria, Morsi has invited Turkey, Iran and Saudi Arabia to join a contact group, though the Saudis have not yet participated and the fighting in Syria continues unabated. While Morsi wants Assad to step aside, he said Wednesday that he opposes any foreign military intervention.The U.N. Security Council, which could call for intervention or global sanctions against Syria, is deadlocked because Russia, Assad's main protector, and China have blocked a series of resolutions brought by Western governments.Morsi also denounced as an obscenity the anti-Islam video that portrays the Prophet Muhammad as a womanizer, a child molester and a fraud, insisting that freedom of expression does not allow for attacks on any religion.He also condemned the violence that swept Muslim countries last week in reaction to the video. At least 51 people were killed, including the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans targeted in an attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi."Egypt respects freedom of expression. One that is not used to incite hatred against anyone. One that is not directed toward one specific religion or culture. A freedom of expression that tackles extremism and violence. Not the freedom of expression that deepens ignorance and disregards others," Morsi said.He appeared to have been responding to Obama's General Assembly speech Tuesday in which the U.S. leader again condemned the video but sternly defended the U.S. Constitution's free speech guarantees.In Cairo, Egyptians watched Morsi's speech closely for signs of how he would conduct his presidency. Abdel-Mohsen, a 31-year architect, praised Morsi's condemnation of the Assad regime, but questioned his assertions about free speech."How can he talk about freedom of expression when there are many protesters in detention in Egypt, including minors, and when people are locked up for the so-called contempt of religion?" she said.The head of the Arab League, meanwhile, called for the international community to criminalize blasphemy, warning that insults to religion pose a serious threat to global peace and security.Nabil Elaraby's comments to a special session of the U.N. Security Council put him at direct odds with the United States and its Western allies, which are resolutely opposed to restrictions on freedom of expression. However, Elaraby said that if the West has criminalized acts that result in bodily harm, it must also criminalize acts that cause "psychological and spiritual harm."Earlier Wednesday, Iranian leader Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, known for past fiery denunciations of the United States and Israel, spoke at length about his vision for a new world order without the "hegemony of arrogance."Of Israel, he cited what he termed the "continued threat by the uncivilized Zionists to resort to military action against our great nation."The U.S. delegation boycotted Ahmadinejad's speech in response to the "paranoid theories and repulsive slurs against Israel" included in a separate address delivered by the Iranian president on Monday."It's particularly unfortunate that Mr. Ahmadinejad will have the platform of the U.N. General Assembly on Yom Kippur, which is why the United States has decided not to attend," Erin Pelton, spokeswoman for the U.S. Mission to the U.N., said in a statement.Thousands of protesters in yellow vests emblazoned with photos of Iranian dissidents they said were killed by the Iranian regime gathered outside U.N. headquarters during the Iranian leader's speech. Speakers included former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, Rep. Carolyn Maloney, D-NY, and former Rep. Patrick Kennedy, D-R.I.In his speech on Wednesday, Ahmadinejad did not refer to Iran's nuclear program. Israel and Western nations contend that Tehran is using what it insists is a peaceful nuclear program as a cover for developing the ability to build atomic weapons.Tough sanctions have been imposed on Iran as punishment for its failure to cooperate with the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency to prove the peaceful nature of its drive to enrich uranium to levels that could be used to build a nuclear weapon.Israel has threatened a military strike against Iranian nuclear installations, but Obama insists there is still time to solve the dispute through diplomacy. He has vowed, however, to stop Tehran from obtaining a nuclear arsenal.Outside the U.N., Alex Mohammed, 40, a restaurant manager from Chicago, stood next to a mock jail cell with a noose next to it, and a cartoon of Ahmadinejad standing under a series of hanged Iranians' legs and the inscription: "We don't have political prisoners in Iran — anymore.""It's getting worse in Iran, because the dictator is taking away more freedoms, including freedom of speech, and jailing journalists," said Mohammed, who has family in Tehran.___Associated Press writers Maggie Fick and Sarah El Deeb in Cairo, Verena Dobnik in New York, and David Stringer and Ron DePasquale at the United Nations contributed to this report.	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	4	3	2	3	4	4
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt President Mohamed Mursi appointed a new national intelligence chief on Wednesday to replace Mourad Mwafi, who was sent into retirement after an attack that left 16 border guards dead in Sinai last month.Mohamed Shehata, already named as Mwafi's temporary replacement following the August 5 attack, was given the post on a permanent basis, the president said in a statement.The decision to retire Mwafi was seen by many as a major step to entrench Mursi's power after he took office on June 30.Mursi's election win ended more than a year of interim army rule that followed the overthrow of president and former air force commander Hosni Mubarak. He later removed the country's top two generals from their positions.A powerful security apparatus suppressed Mursi's Muslim Brotherhood during Mubarak's three-decade rule.(Reporting by Tamim Elyan; editing by Andrew Roche)	2	2	3	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	1	1	1	2	4
TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyan authorities have arrested eight people in connection with the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi in which the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans were killed, a government official said on Friday.Libyan officials said last week that four arrests had been made two days after the attack. A security official later said Libyan authorities had identified 50 people involved in the assault."The total number of arrests now is eight," an official from new Prime Minister Mustafa Abushagur's office said. He gave no further details.Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans died after gunmen attacked the U.S. consulate and a safe house refuge in the eastern city on September 11.The attackers were part of a mob blaming America for a film they said insulted the Prophet Mohammad. (Reporting by Ali Shuaib; Writing by Marie-Louise Gumuchian; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)	2	2	3	3	2	2	2	2	2	1	2	1	1	3	2	
Kevin Costner is a movie star, but he crossed over Sunday night by winning an Emmy Award for his work in "Hatfields and McCoys" and promptly brought up — a sports reference?Costner likened his golden, double-winged Emmy to something you might see at the Olympics, prompting a question backstage about what he was trying to get at.Turns out it had a lot to do with trying to sprint through a speech while juggling a heavy, pointy object."A lot of things come flooding into your mind when you have 40 seconds. What to say and who to say it to and yet you've got this weight in your hand. At one point I just started looking down at it and I couldn't help but think of some of those Olympic ... that there were some sports that look kind of like this," Costner said backstage.— Anthony McCartney — Twitter http://twittter.com/mccartneyAP .____EDITOR'S NOTE — Show Bits brings you the 64th annual Primetime Emmy Awards through the eyes of Associated Press journalists. Follow them on Twitter where available with the handles listed after each item.	2	3	2	3	2	3	2	2	2	2	3	2	2	1	2	4
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Facebook Inc said it will start charging businesses to run Offers on its social network, turning a previously free service into a potential revenue generator at a time when Wall Street is demanding new sources of growth and profit from the company.Facebook launched Facebook Offers earlier this year, letting retailers and other local merchants send deals to their Facebook fans. Users claim the offers from their News Feeds and redeem the vouchers at stores to get discounts.The service has been free, but in coming weeks Facebook will require merchants to pay at least $5 on related ads to promote each Facebook Offer to a targeted audience of fans and friends of fans. The cost will vary based on the size of a company's Facebook pages.Since Facebook went public in May, the company has been under pressure from Wall Street to show how it can turn its giant social network into a money machine. Facebook shares have lost about 40 percent of their value since the IPO.The commerce potential of Facebook, known as f-commerce, has yet to materialize, partly because retailers have been able to feast on a host of free tools on the social network to attract customers.Tying Facebook Offers to a paid ad service suggests the company is working to change this."We think this aligns incentives nicely," said Gokul Rajaram, director of product management for Facebook's advertising and Pages businesses. "The best results on Facebook Offers will come from organic distribution plus paid distribution."In the past, some Facebook Offers have not been relevant to all users, partly because some people saw deals in their News Feeds from merchants located far away from where they live, Rajaram added."The requirement to pay for related ads will focus merchants on who and where they want the offer to reach," he said.Facebook is also expanding Offers to online-only businesses, he added. Before, the service was available only to merchants with physical locations.Facebook is also adding barcodes for offers, so customers can redeem offers more easily. The barcodes work globally, Rajaram noted.The executive declined to disclose how many Facebook Offers have been run so far, how many merchants have taken part, or how many deals have been claimed and redeemed by consumers.However, he said Facebook is "very happy" with the success of its Offers business."That's why we're expanding and investing more in it," Rajaram said.(Reporting by Alistair Barr and Alexei Oreskovic; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	3	4	4	2	1	1	3	3
Madrid (Reuters) - Spain is ready to request a euro zone bailout for its public finances as early as next weekend but Germany has signaled that it should hold off, European officials said on Monday.The latest twist in the euro zone's three-year-old sovereign debt crisis comes as financial markets and some other European partners are pressuring Madrid to seek a rescue program that would trigger European Central Bank buying of its bonds."The Spanish were a bit hesitant but now they are ready to request aid," a senior European source said. Three other euro zone senior euro zone sources confirmed the shift in the Spanish position, all speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter.German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble has said Spain is taking all the right steps to overcome its fiscal problems and does not need a bailout, arguing that investors will recognize and reward Spanish reforms in due course.Privately, several European diplomats and a senior German source said Chancellor Angela Merkel preferred to avoid putting more individual bailouts for distressed euro zone countries to her increasingly reluctant parliament."It doesn't make sense to send looming decisions on Greece, Cyprus and possibly also Spain to the Bundestag one by one," the senior German source said. "Bundling these together makes sense, due to the substance and also politically."Participants said there were tense exchanges at a euro zone ministerial meeting in Cyprus in mid-September when Schaeuble told his peers Berlin could not take another bailout for Spain to parliament so soon after lawmakers approved up to 100 billion euros ($129 billion) to help Spanish banks in July.Asked about the reports that Germany was urging Spain to wait, a German government spokesman told Reuters: "Every country decides for itself. Germany isn't pushing in one direction or the other."A spokeswoman for Spain's Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said she was not aware of any veto from Germany for an aid request."What we are focused on is to get the decisions of the June summit on the banking union implemented. That would send a strong message of confidence to the markets," she said, referring to an EU decision to centralize oversight of the biggest banks to avoid a repeat of a crisis that has some of its roots in the banking system.STALLING?European sources said EU Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn was to deliver a message to Spanish leaders on Monday that Brussels wants them to apply for assistance soon and will not impose onerous conditions beyond the reforms and savings measures outlined by the Spanish government.Brussels is keen to avoid another paroxysm of the debt crisis by getting support to Spain before it is on the brink of being forced out of the bond market, at the risk of contagion spreading to Italy and other euro zone states.Rehn met Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and Economy Minister Luis de Guindos in Madrid and said afterwards the conditions of any aid program were well known to all euro zone governments."Conditions would be based on country-specific recommendations that were decided for all 27 EU member states in July and there would be a clear set of policy priorities and clear timelines on the basis of these country-specific recommendations," he told a news conference.Euro zone officials are considering a so-called Enhanced Conditions Credit Line that would keep Spain in the credit markets with support from the euro zone rescue funds in the primary bond market and from the ECB in the secondary market.Rajoy is eager to avoid the political humiliation of conditions being imposed from outside and enforced by the "troika" of inspectors from the International Monetary Fund, European Commission and European Central Bank that has supervised programs for Greece, Ireland and Portugal.There has been widespread speculation that Rajoy was stalling a bailout bid until after October 21 regional elections in his home state of Galicia and the Basque Country.But diplomats said it was German discouragement, not Spanish pride, that was now holding back a request for assistance.One senior European diplomat said the Spanish position was: "We are in favor if everyone else accepts."Madrid did not want to risk submitting an application and having Berlin rebuff it by raising unacceptable conditions such as deep pension cuts or procedural obstacles, he said.The senior euro zone source said Spanish leaders had understood that making a move now was the best way of avoiding losing market access and being forced into a full state bailout."The German U-turns have convinced the Spanish they could end up in the not too distant future in the same position as Greece, Portugal or Ireland - shut out of the markets and with a very harsh adjustment program," the source said.The Spanish government said it would enact 43 structural reforms over the next six months and Brussels said the detailed timetable goes beyond what the Commission has asked of Spain and is an ambitious step forward.Rehn said he was fully confident Spain would take the necessary steps to restore the economy to health and added it must continue reforming its pension system, linking retirement age to life expectancy.Rajoy has said pensions are the last thing he would cut as he introduces sweeping savings through the social security system, though he has said he would introduce a new law on pensions before the end of the year.Spain needs to refinance some 29 billion euros in maturing debt -- including 9 billion in short-term paper -- by the end of this month.The senior euro zone source said that under one scenario under consideration, Spain was ready to submit the request at the weekend, with German agreement, so euro zone finance ministers could discuss it at their next regular meeting in Luxembourg next Monday.Failing that, Madrid could make the application before an EU summit in Brussels on October 18-19, but euro zone partners such as France and Italy, which are pushing for an early decision, would not want it to drag on beyond then, the source said. ($1 = 0.7749 euros)(Additional reporting by Noah Barkin in Berlin, Jan Strupczewski in Brussels and Fiona Ortiz in Madrid; Writing by Paul Taylor; Editing by Janet McBride)	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	2	3	4	4
Facebook (FB) has begun testing a new photo sync feature in its Android application that will automatically upload photos taken to the Web. The company’s photo sync service will store any picture taken with an Android device in a private “Synced from Phone” folder on Facebook. Once photos have been synced to the Web, users can then pick and choose which images should be shared with friends. The feature is similar to those found on Google+, Dropbox and Apple’s (AAPL) Photostream, all of which offer online photo syncing. Facebook is currently testing the feature with a small number of users and it is unclear if, or when, the social networking site will roll out photo sync globally.ReadGet more from BGR.com: Follow us on Twitter, Facebook	4	3	4	3	3	1	2	3	3	2	3	1	1	1	3	4
The government of India-administered Kashmir has blocked Facebook and YouTube, highlighting concerns about a clampdown on freedom of speech in the disputed region.The move follows a gradual increase in online surveillance throughout the past few years in Kashmir, as youths have turned to social media as a form of political expression. After people in the Kashmir Valley protested the recent anti-Islam video that unleashed similar protests across the Muslim world, observers say it gave the government the excuse it was looking for and YouTube and Facebook went dead.“This is one more step in pursuit of depriving the people of avenues of expression. The telecast of blasphemous film on YouTube simply served as a pretext to execute a predetermined policy by the government,” says Sheikh Showkat Hussain, a political analyst and academic who teaches human rights at Kashmir University.RELATED: Think you know Asia? Take this quiz.For six decades, a piece of land about the size of Britain situated between Pakistan and India has been the source of major tension and fighting between the two countries. Many within the mostly-Muslim Kashmir Valley want to be free of India. Nearly 70,000 people died following the outbreak of an armed Kashmiri insurgency in 1989, now quelled.Kashmir’s state government has clamped down on freedom of speech in the past. During mass street protests in 2008, the government banned SMS text messaging. And since another protest wave in 2010, a number of college students have been arrested and taken to Cyber Cell Police Station, located in the summer capital of Srinagar, for posting or uploading anti-India text or pictures on Facebook or YouTube.“Such a move by the government is a serious infringement on the freedom of speech,” says Sameer Yasir, assistant professor at the Centre for International Relations at the Islamic University of Science and Technology. The state has long wanted to block these specific sites, he says, but worried about popular outcry. This unprecedented step, he says, ultimately causes free speech to suffer. “This is unethical because social networking sites provide information to people. [A] gag on these sites is a suffering,” he says.Dr. Hussain agrees: “Avenues of communication remain strangulated in Kashmir,” he says. “Internet was allowed after a lot of persuasion and resentment,” he adds. “However, with the passage of time other avenues of expression and communication were choked. The local news channels [have been] unable to telecast news and commentary since 2010 mass protests. SMS is banned on prepaid mobile networks.”The Internet has been widely used by people in Kashmir, especially as a tool during times of military clampdown. Groups resisting Indian rule use Facebook to disseminate their message through Facebook pages such as "Freedom of Dawn," "Hoshar Jamaat" (Awakened Group), and "Kale Kharaab" (Hot Headed).The popular separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani has been using YouTube as a way to get around the fact that the state government doesn’t allow him to address any public rally or go to Friday prayers.One popular Facebook group, Aalaw (A call), found a way to still post a protest. The group recently posted on its feed: “Facebook partially banned in valley, sms banned, people caged this is what you called indian demon-crazy. Down with indian state and its policies. Aalaw will continue to reach you no matter facebook gets blocked in valley. Aalaw Radio Is on Cards.(sic)”The private Internet service providers said their customer care executives reported that Facebook and YouTube would be restored after the ban is lifted by the government, but they are not sure when that will happen.Related storiesRead this story at csmonitor.comBecome a part of the Monitor community	3	4	3	3	3	2	3	4	3	2	3	3	1	2	3	4
Are Republican women politicians more "feminine" than Democratic women politicians?That's the conclusion of a new study by UCLA researchers, who found that Republican women are so much more "feminine" that college students were able to accurately predict party affiliation just by looking at the woman.The "Michele Bachmann" effect, they call it.Of course, Bachmann did not fare very well in her presidential campaign, although I think that was for reasons having nothing to do with her facial features. Neither did Sarah Palin, whom most men I know (but fewer women) consider to be very attractive.The authors also point out that being feminine isn't necessarily a positive for women, since studies have found that people tend to think of women as either feminine or competent, but not both.My own review of the studies, over the past 20 years, suggests that the issue is far more nuanced.Some years ago, a woman who was passed over for a promotion at a Big Eight accounting firm brought suit for gender discrimination after she was told that changing her hairstyle and dressing in a more feminine style might improve her chances the following year. Her claim that this amounted to sex discrimination was upheld by the Supreme Court, which means that no one says things like that anymore, much less writes them down.But do they think it? Absolutely.I remember an article from a few years ago in which women CEOs were interviewed, and every one of them, literally, was pictured in pastel colors. Yellow was the hands-down favorite. So cheerful and non-threatening. For women seeking top positions, the challenge is to appear feminine, but not too feminine; assertive, but not too aggressive; attractive, but not too sexy. My women students openly admit that they dress for interviews like dates, hoping to look their best: makeup, high heels, a well-fitting suit that shows off their figure. And I always tell them to make sure to wear a shirt under the suit jacket. Form fitting, yes. Cleavage, no.One year, a group of my students went to a local mall, showed pictures of women they had clipped from a magazine to shoppers and asked them which one they thought was a CEO and which a sales clerk. The one who looked like a model was thought to be neither; the gal with the pleasing features and short blond bob was the CEO; the overweight woman was the store clerk. Big surprise.I also remember a piece done by a conservative activist comparing the women Democrats who appear on television with their Republican counterparts. The writer's point (helped along by his rather skewed choice of pictures) was how much better looking the Republicans were.I don't claim to be a beauty, but I've never seen a worse shot of myself. And the fact that many of these women were chosen precisely because of how they look, rather than because of what they know, was entirely ignored. (After all, does anyone really listen to TV? No, they watch.)I don't know whether the UCLA students would consider Nancy Pelosi to be feminine. I do. Geraldine Ferraro? Absolutely. Hillary Clinton? Who would even ask that question about a woman who has been a role model for young women of all political persuasions, a woman who is admired around the world?The fact that serious academics would conduct such a study, and that it would be published in a peer-reviewed journal, gives me pause — and not so much about them (such studies are apparently part of a burgeoning field of research called "social vision," which is not limited to women's facial features), but about the fact that we continue to look at leadership this way. The researchers note that it may be that Republican women's faces are more traditionally pretty because conservatives are more bound by gender stereotyping. Interestingly, they found Democratic men to be more masculine than Republican men, but considered this finding to be "less revealing" for reasons that the press release, at least, did not explain.The fact that looks play a role in politics is nothing new. John Kennedy won the first televised presidential debate among those watching it, while Richard Nixon won among those listening on the radio. In most presidential elections, the taller candidate wins. But for women especially, the tendency to make judgments based on looks distorts the issues that should govern, creating not simply a glass ceiling but also a mirrored one.To find out more about Susan Estrich and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate website at www.creators.com.COPYRIGHT 2012 CREATORS.COM	3	4	1	4	2	3	3	4	3	2	3	4	1	2	3	4
MEDINAH, Illinois (Reuters) - For the second day, Masters champion Bubba Watson encouraged the overflowing crowd at the first tee of the Ryder Cup to roar through his swing and on Saturday England's Ian Poulter joined along in the fun.Watson and Poulter hit their opening drives amid wild cheering and the electric moment, replacing the usual dead quiet that most golfers demand while they swing the club, also fired up Ryder rookie sensation Keegan Bradley.Bradley, who has teamed up with Phil Mickelson for a one-sided 3-0 record, was on the practice green before his tee time but walked over to help whip the crowd into a frenzy."I was on the first tee watching Bubba tee off and it was one of the most exciting moments of my week so far," said Bradley, whose wins in his first Ryder Cup have included a pair of massive romps. "I was freaking out, I was so excited."Bradley, who has been encouraging the Medinah crowds to roar after every U.S. success, said high decibels from the spectators helped Watson perform, but was probably not best for him."Certain players love that type of stuff, and Bubba Watson is one of those type of players," said Bradley."For me personally, I'd probably miss the ball. I'm already so jacked up on the first tee that if they started doing that, I don't know where it would go." (Reporting by Larry Fine, Editing by Julian Linden)	3	4	4	3	3	2	3	3	3	2	3	2	2	1	3	4
NEW YORK/DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co dispatched its top brass, including Chief Executive Alan Mulally, to major U.S. cities on Tuesday to promote the 2013 Fusion, its redesigned family sedan that takes aim at Toyota Motor Corp's <7203.T> Camry.The second-largest U.S. automaker began shipping the Fusion, which boasts a more athletic design and more fuel economy options, to dealers last week. Ford hopes the third-generation Fusion, coupled with the new Escape crossover launched this spring, will boost its U.S. market share.The media blitz comes as Ford's board of directors develops a succession plan for Mulally, 67. Ford is also cutting costs in Europe, where it expects to lose more than $1 billion this year. Ford's sales in Europe fell 29 percent in August, while overall industry sales dropped 8.5 percent."There is a tremendous decrease in demand, but we're absolutely committed to Europe," Mulally said at a Fusion event in New York. "That will involve some restructuring."The board is looking to name Mark Fields, Ford's head of North and South America, chief operating officer, a sign that he could be the heir apparent to Mulally, a source told Reuters last week.But on Tuesday, Mulally kept a lid on the finer details of Ford's plans for Europe and his own plans for retirement. He said Ford has a strong internal bench of potential leaders and he was "pleased to continue to serve as CEO of Ford.""Please don't vote me off," he joked to reporters.Under Mulally's "One Ford" plan, Ford is moving toward building more cars using fewer platforms, a move that cuts costs but allows Ford to offer more features at a lower price.The Fusion is the latest Ford car to receive a global overhaul, after the Fiesta subcompact and Focus compact car. The Fusion will be sold as the Mondeo in Europe and China. These models share about 75 percent of the same parts.The Fusion competes in the midsize sedan segment of the U.S. auto market, dominated by the Toyota Camry and Honda Motor Co's <7267.T> Accord. Through August, sales in this bread-and-butter segment have risen 26 percent, while overall auto sales are up 15 percent, Ford said."This is a transformational vehicle for our company," J Mays, Ford's chief creative officer, said Monday night at an event in Miami Beach. He compared its impact to the 1955 Thunderbird, the 1962 Lincoln Continental or the 1964 Mustang.The base model of the revamped Fusion will cost $21,000, the same as the base price of the outgoing Fusion, Mays said.TOUTING '47' MPGFord is offering three gasoline-powered versions of the Fusion as well as a hybrid and a plug-in hybrid. In a press release, Ford said the Fusion hybrid gets 47 miles per gallon on the highway and in the city, beating out the Camry hybrid.At the New York event with American Idol host Ryan Seacrest, Mulally held a sign touting the "47" figure. Ford also passed out T-shirts with the Fusion hybrid's fuel economy figures.Boosting fuel efficiency has been a pillar of Ford's vehicle strategy for the past six years. Ford is vying beat Toyota's record on fuel economy with new electrified models this year.Ford must also meet federal government's corporate average fuel economy (CAFE) target of 54.5 mpg by 2025. This translates to 36 mpg or higher in real world driving, analysts say.The average fuel economy of Ford's cars and trucks for model year 2011 was 21.3 mpg, up from 18 mpg in 2006, U.S. government data shows. The industry average for 2011 was 22.8 mpg.To meet these ambitious standards, Ford is counting on turbocharged engines, start-stop systems, hybrid technology "and something we haven't invented yet," said Raj Nair, Ford's head of product development, at an event near Detroit.Ford plans to cut weight from future models by using lightweight materials. Ford is also designing and making key electric-drive components in-house to cut costs and accelerate development of these technologies.Buyers of the 1.6-liter Fusion with a turbocharged engine can purchase the $295 auto start-stop system, which shuts the engine off when the car is stopped at a light. Ford is looking to provide this option in a larger number of its vehicles.The Fusion also offers a lane-keeping system that alerts a driver if the car drifts into another lane. The Fusion can also parallel park itself, with the active park assist feature."That's been a key point in our turnaround and our success, we've really pushed on being a technology leader and making sure we bring those technologies to the mainstream," Nair said.(This version of the story corrects quotes in the tenth paragraph, changes "transitional" to "transformational.")(Reporting by Ernest Scheyder in New York and Deepa Seetharaman in Detroit; Additional reporting by David Adams in Miami Beach; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Tim Dobbyn)	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	3	2	3	2	2	2	3	4
Some of the biggest names in digital will gather at the Social Good Summit this weekend, Sept. 22- 24, to discuss how technology is solving our greatest challenges.[More from Mashable: U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Joins the Social Good Summit]At the 92Y in New York City, these influential figures, including world leaders, celebrities and digital innovators from companies such as Google, Wikipedia, Twitter, Meetup and Microsoft, will discuss a range of topics that reflect how technology is truly empowering people. The full program is available here.Key digital leaders include:[More from Mashable: Wikipedia Founder to Speak at Social Good Summit]Make sure to secure a spot to hear these innovators speak; tickets are limited but still available!These digital leaders will join many other influential individuals at the Social Good Summit, taking place Sept. 22-24 in New York City. New York Times bestselling author and Chopra Foundation founder Deepak Chopra, Academy Award winning actors Mira Sorvino and Forest Whitaker will also be present onstage.The Social Good Summit is a three-day conference that will unite global leaders as they share how to use the power of innovative thinking and technology to solve the world's greatest challenges. Tickets are available for all three days.The Social Good Summit is where big ideas meet new media to create innovative solutions. Held during UN Week, the Social Good Summit unites a dynamic community of global leaders to discuss a big idea: the power of innovative thinking and technology to solve our greatest challenges.Date: Saturday, Sept. 22, 2012, through Monday, Sept. 24, 2012 Time: 1:00 - 5:00 p.m. and 7:00 - 9:00 p.m. each day Location: 92nd Street Y, 1395 Lexington Ave., New York, NY Tickets: $130 for a three-day pass.Press: Press credentials will be given to press and bloggers from around the world for all Social Good Summit sessions and the Digital Media Lounge (DML). The DML is a fully wired work space at 92Y to report out of, network with fellow members of the media, and self-organize interviews and exclusive content from Social Good Summit sessions. The DML will be open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., Sept. 22-24. To apply, please fill in the form here.This story originally published on Mashable here.	2	1	2	2	2	1	2	2	3	1	3	1	2	1	2	4
GENEVA (AP) — A Zurich-based foundation says it will prove to the world Thursday that Leonardo Da Vinci painted an earlier version of the Mona Lisa.The Mona Lisa Foundation, which owns the "Isleworth Mona Lisa," says that after 35 years of research, experts believe it predates the famed 16th-century masterpiece by about a decade.The Isleworth painting — likewise a portrait of a young woman with an enigmatic smile — is slightly larger, was painted on canvas and has brighter colors than the famed Louvre Museum masterpiece painted on wood.The group is presenting its findings to reporters Thursday in Geneva.An accompanying book to be released by the foundation says the Isleworth Mona Lisa — which was in storage for decades — drew news headlines in the early 20th century.	2	3	3	3	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	1	1	1	2	4
GARISSA, Kenya (Reuters) - Gunmen attacked a Kenyan police post on Monday in the northern town of Garissa close to the border with Somalia, police and residents said, a day after two police officers were shot dead in the same town."We have just received reports of the attack, security personnel have been dispatched to the scene," Garissa county commissioner Mohamed Maalim told Reuters.It was not immediately clear if there were any casualties. Residents of Garissa said an explosion, followed by gunshots, were heard on the street where the small police post is located.Kenya has been hit by a series of grenade and gun attacks since it sent troops into Somalia last October in pursuit of Islamist al Shabaab militants whom it blamed for kidnapping its security personnel and Western tourists.(Reporting by Noor Ali-Isiolo; Writing By Drazen Jorgic; Editing by Michael Roddy)	2	2	3	2	2	3	3	2	3	2	2	2	1	3	2	
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union has proposed tougher rules on assessing the safety and monitoring the use of medical devices and implants, after weak EU regulations were partly blamed for a global scandal over French-made breast implants.Investigations last year showed that hundreds of thousands of women around the world had been implanted with substandard silicone implants made by defunct French company Poly Implant Prothese (PIP), which safety regulators had failed to stop for more than a decade.The scandal prompted calls for Europe to toughen its controls on medical devices, which are currently overseen by an ad hoc network of up to 80 national assessment agencies, most of which are private companies."Just a few months ago, everybody was shocked by the scandal involving fraudulent breast implants which affected tens of thousands of women in Europe and around the world," EU health commissioner John Dalli said in a statement on Wednesday to outline the draft rules.The proposals take into account lessons from the PIP implant scandal, and will significantly tighten the authorization process for medical devices before they are put on the market, the European Commission said.Among the main changes will be an extension of the current legal definition of medical devices to include breast and other aesthetic implants.Independent assessment agencies will be given greater powers to monitor device manufacturers, including unannounced factory inspections and regular product testing, while EU governments will be obliged to improve their supervision of the agencies."If this was happening in the market, the PIP scandal would have been detected many years before and eliminated," Dalli told a news conference.Better product traceability systems will also be introduced so that people can be alerted more rapidly to safety concerns surrounding a particular device.The European market for medical devices was estimated at 95 billion euros ($123 billion) in 2009, with products ranging from sticking plasters to high-tech miniature diagnostic implants and life support machines.Major manufacturers of medical devices include Johnson & Johnson, Medtronic, Boston Scientific, Abbott Laboratories, Allergan and Smith & Nephew.The legislation must be jointly approved by EU governments and lawmakers, which could take up to two years. ($1 = 0.7715 euros)(Reporting by Charlie Dunmore; editing by Rex Merrifield and James Jukwey)	3	4	3	3	4	2	2	4	3	2	3	2	1	2	3	4
The magazine will sport an insert promoting the CW's fall lineup. The small LCD screen will include video of the stars of the show and then a live feed from @CW_Network. The feed will include the six latest tweets on the account, though an in-house media team at the CW will screen out any objectionable content, according to The New York Times. However, Rick Haskins, CW’s EVP for marketing and digital projects, told The Times that the network won't delete negative comments about the shows. “To me that’s what starts the dialogue,” he said.EW broke new ground three years ago in what was likely the first video insert in a major magazine -- a Pepsi ad that ran in 50,000 copies of the publication in New York and Los Angeles. Other magazines have since followed suit, including most recently, the UK version of Marie Claire.The push comes as networks are eyeing Twitter as a prime vehicle to introduce new shows and engage fans with existing ones. For instance, Fox this week scored another first by premiering Raising Hope exclusively on Twitter.The Mashable Media Summit 2012 will explore the impact that technology is having on media, and how digital media is affecting our lives and changing the world. This one-day conference will bring together the brightest minds in media, including content creators, technology leaders, entrepreneurs, social media executives and journalists.Date: Friday, Nov. 2, 2012 Time: 10:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Location: The TimesCenter, 242 West 41st Street, New York, NY 10036 Tickets: Purchase early bird tickets on Eventbrite.This story originally published on Mashable here.	2	2	2	3	3	2	2	2	2	3	2	2	2	1	2	4
DUBAI (Reuters) - A senior Iranian lawmaker accused the UN nuclear watchdog on Sunday of passing confidential details of Iran's atomic work to Israel, and a military commander said Tehran may consider a pre-emptive strike on the Jewish state if it looked set to attack.Javad Jahangirzadeh, a member of parliament's presiding board, said International Atomic Energy Agency chief Yukiya Amano had made "repeated trips" to Israel, divulging sensitive information about what Tehran says is its peaceful nuclear program."Amano's repeated trips to Tel Aviv and asking the Israeli officials' views about Iran's nuclear activities indicates that Iran's nuclear information has been disclosed to the Zionist regime and other enemies of the Islamic Republic," Jahangirzadeh was quoted as saying by Iran's English-language Press TV.The IAEA declined to comment. Records show Amano has made only one visit to Israel in his capacity as IAEA chief, in August 2010. He visited Tehran in May this year."If the agency's actions lead to Iran cutting cooperation with this international body, all responsibility will be with the IAEA director general," said Jahangirzadeh, also a member of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee.After weeks of increased hints by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that Israel could strike Iran's nuclear sites, prompting speculation that might happen before U.S. elections in November, an Iranian military commander said Iran could strike first if sure Israel were poised to attack."Iran will not start any war but it could launch a pre-emptive attack if it was sure that the enemies are putting the final touches to attack it," Iran's state-run Arabic language Al-Alam television quoted Amir Ali Hajizadeh, a brigadier general in the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, as saying.While Hajizadeh's comments might be seen as part of the usual hawkish rhetoric from the Iranian military, the politician's accusation against the IAEA's Amano suggest Tehran's relations with the agency are severely strained.INFILTRATEDLast week, Iranian nuclear energy chief Fereydoun Abbasi-Davani said "terrorists" might have infiltrated the Vienna-based agency.He suggested the IAEA included too much sensitive information about Iran's nuclear program in its reports that he said could be used by saboteurs.Western diplomats dismissed his allegations as an attempt to distract attention away from the agency's bid to gain access to a site in Iran it suspects was used for nuclear weapons research, something Tehran denies.Iran blames Israel and its Western allies for the assassination of nuclear scientists in Iran, including an unsuccessful attempt on Abbasi-Davani in November 2010. It also blames those countries for computer viruses that appeared designed to damage its nuclear machinery.The 35-nation board of the agency censured Iran earlier this month for defying international demands to curb uranium enrichment and failing to address mounting disquiet about its suspected research into atomic bombs.The resolution prompted Iran's Parliament Speaker, Ali Larijani, to cast doubt on the benefit of Iran's membership in the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), the Tehran Times reported.In another allegation of underhand behavior against Iran, the head of parliament's national security and foreign policy committee said German engineering company Siemens had planted explosives in equipment it sold to Iran for use in its nuclear program.Siemens, which was building a nuclear power station in Iran before the Islamic Revolution that toppled the shah in 1979, denied Alaeddin Boroujerdi's accusation."Siemens does not have any business ties with Iran's nuclear program and does not supply any technical equipment for it," a spokesman for the Munich-based multinational said.(Additional reporting by Fredrik Dahl in Vienna, Maria Sheahan in Frankfurt, Zahra Hosseinian in Zurich; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	1	1	2	4	3
JERUSALEM (AP) — Officials say the Israeli prime minister is holding a series of meetings with his coalition partners to determine whether he needs to call early parliamentary elections.If Benjamin Netanyahu is unable to convince members of his coalition to back his budget for the coming year, he will be forced to bring elections currently slated for next October to early next year.The Israeli officials say Netanyahu is expected to make a decision within two weeks. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss ongoing coalition deliberations.Israeli governments rarely serve their full terms. Netanyahu's Likud Party has said it's unclear whether the budget, which is expected to include deep cuts, would be passed.	2	2	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	2	3	3	1	2	2	5
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Israeli prime minister says it's getting 'late, very late' to stop the Iranian nuclear threat.	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	2	1	4
A barnacle-covered seafood storage bin has been identified as the first piece of debris to arrive in Hawaii from the 2011 Japanese tsunami.The blue cubed bin, about 4 feet (1.2 meters) on each side, was spotted floating off the coast of Waimanalo, Oahu, last week and was towed ashore by marine officials, according to a statement from Hawaii's Department of Land and Natural Resources (DLNR).Officials said the plastic container belongs to Japanese seafood company Y.K. Suisan, Co., Ltd., based in the Miyagi prefecture, a region hit hard by the earthquake-triggered tsunami. As the disaster also set off a nuclear crisis with a partial meltdown at Japan's Fukushima power plant, health officials tested the bin for radiation but did not find any abnormal levels.The bin was housing gooseneck barnacles and crabs that typically live on floating debris in the open ocean. Officials said the organisms are not invasive to Hawaii. A few dead birds also were found inside the container.The Japanese government has estimated that the tsunami swept about 5 million tons of wreckage out to sea. Seventy percent of this debris is believed to have sunk offshore, but no one knows how much of the remaining 1.5 million tons are still floating in the Pacific Ocean.A handful of these lost parts have already turned up on or near the west coast of North America, from a small boat that washed up on a remote island in British Columbia to a large Japanese fishing ship that officials had to sink off the coast of Alaska.Follow LiveScience on Twitter @livescience. We're also on Facebook & Google+.	3	3	2	3	2	3	2	3	3	2	2	3	1	3	3	4
NEW YORK (AP) — Singer Norah Jones performs in a former Brooklyn brass foundry near her home in the opening of a new season of PBS' "Live From the Artists Den" in two weeks.Public television's music performance series kicks off its fifth season with Jones on Oct. 5. Different public stations air the show at different times. The four-episode season will also feature Rufus Wainwright, the Wallflowers and Mayer Hawthorne.The series specializes in filming artists in unusual settings. Wainwright will sing at the Church of the Ascension in Manhattan and Hawthorne was filmed at the Park Plaza Hotel in Los Angeles.Despite the short season, PBS says producers are already at work preparing another season for next year.	3	5	2	3	2	2	3	2	1	2	2	1	1	1	2	4
Mitt Romney and Rep. Paul Ryan will focus on Ohio next week, with a three-day bus tour through the crucial battleground state, the campaign announced.The tour, entitled the “Romney Plan for a Stronger Middle Class,” will take place Monday through Wednesday, with stops in six major cities.The tour will feature stops in Lima, Cincinnati, Columbus, Cleveland and Toledo. It is unclear whether or not the pair will campaign together.	2	2	2	2	2	2	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	2	4
LUBBOCK, Texas (AP) — The mother of a teenager at Billy Gillispie's camp this summer claims in a letter to a top school administrator that the former Texas Tech coach repeatedly verbally abused her son.The woman wrote that other coaches at the camp told her son that Gillispie "likes to pick someone and try to 'break them' for some reason," according to a letter to Texas Tech's chancellor obtained Friday by The Associated Press through an open records request.The mother's name is redacted in the Aug. 20 letter to Kent Hance.Gillispie resigned from Texas Tech on Thursday, citing health concerns after being hospitalized twice in the past month.He did not immediately return a message seeking comment.Gillispie, 52, stepped down amid allegations he mistreated players on his team.	2	2	3	2	2	2	1	2	2	1	2	2	1	2	2	
Centre College in Danville, Ky. is home to this year's vice presidential debate. With thousands of attendees, campaign staff and reporters -- and all of their smartphones, tablets, laptops and other connected gear -- descending on campus Oct. 11, it takes impressive technology and a coordinated effort to keep the data running smoothly.[More from Mashable: Our iPhones Are Depleting the Earth’s Resources [INFOGRAPHIC]]To give an idea of the challenge, the college's IT crew is expecting approximately 1,500-2,000 wireless-connected devices at any given time, with an average 2.5 wireless devices per attendee -- and that doesn't count the computers and other equipment that calls for a hardline connection. It's also, the team admits, an estimation."Bandwidth is a big guess," said Shane Wilson, coordinator of Network Services at Centre College. "The only data we have is from 2008, and that's basically ancient history. We feel very confident about 2 gigabits of bandwidth."[More from Mashable: Behind the Social Media Campaigns of Obama and Romney]How is the college preparing to deliver problem-free data connections?To make sure there's enough bandwidth to go around, Centre College will be temporarily expanding its Internet connection from 250 megabits to 2 gigabits. That's an eightfold increase using two single-gigabit links running simultaneously. Mobile providers are also bringing in trucks to help boost the mobile phone and data signals in the immediate area.And what about network problems? For network engineers concerned about stability during a high-traffic event, redundancy is the name of the game. Accordingly, Centre Network worked with several vendors to set up a temporary network that's running separate from the campus network.The new network is fully redundant with four routers, multiple backbone links and multiple core paths, giving Centre College's IT staff the ability to quickly adapt is something goes wrong on debate day.There's also a power redundancy -- the debate hall is run on a diesel generator, but it can be quickly switched to standard line power if there's a problem (it's quicker to switch from diesel to electric than vice-versa). And like a military tanker jet high above a field of combat, diesel gas trucks will be waiting nearby in case they need to refuel.And what if something goes wrong on the provider side, like physical damage to fiber? The college's staff will have support cases with CISCO, AT&T and Time Warner Cable open in advance, drastically speeding up any necessary repairs. AT&T and Time Warner will also have trained technicians on site, ready to go in case of an emergency -- think of them as network first responders.With so many connected devices, security is surely a concern. Centre College's staff says they'll be using separate VLAN SSID networks for each of the campaigns as well for the media and other major groups involved with the debate. Each network will use encrypted 802.11x to help keep the campaigns from spying on one another's traffic and the media from spying on the campaigns' traffic.Will it all work? On Thursday afternoon, Centre College invited about 120 faculty, staff and students to help test the network and look for problems. A few were found and quickly fixed -- a result that built confidence among the Centre College team."We discovered problems and corrected them -- and that was the goal," said Wilson. "I feel much better than if everything had gone smoothly. If that happened, I would've wondered what was left uncovered."The tech involved in running a nationally-televised debate has drastically changed in the last 12 years, said Art Moore, Centre College's director of information technology services. Moore was at the college when it hosted the 2000 vice presidential debate between Dick Cheney and Joe Lieberman."The world completely has changed in the last 12 years, when it was all about analog telephone lines," said Moore. "The media then was doing dial-up to get Internet access. We provided phone lines... and gave one data line each to the campaign workspaces. We didn't even have laptops in 2000."Images courtesy of Flickr, Center for American Progress Action Fund, Gage SkidmoreThis story originally published on Mashable here.	4	4	4	3	3	3	2	3	2	4	3	1	1	1	3	4
SINGH ALONG: A key political party says it will still support Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's shaky government despite disagreement over recent economic reforms.OFF-KEY: Singh's coalition was plunged into turmoil this week after one of its allies withdrew its support. The government now only controls a minority of seats in Parliament.REFORM NOTE: Mulayam Singh Yadav of the Samajwadi Party told reporters Friday that he would continue to support the government from outside the coalition even though he disagreed with its decision to open the country's retail market to foreign giants.	4	5	3	2	2	3	2	2	2	2	2	2	3	2	3	4
DENVER (AP) — The men in stripes have drawn so much attention this season that some interesting developments on the football field have gone largely unnoticed, like a big spike in field goal accuracy.NFL teams combined for a record 2,287 points in the first three weeks of the season thanks to a record 248 touchdowns.Kickers have done their part in this proliferation of points, converting 182 field goal attempts and missing just 15 for a 92.4 percent clip — the best three-week start ever.The three-week mark tends to be a precursor for the entire season, with the final accuracy rate dipping two or three percentage points as the weather gets worse and the pressure rises.That means the record set in 2008 of 84.5 percent could be obliterated this season.The league-wide field goal percentage last season was 82.9 percent, second-highest all-time. Through three weeks last season, the number was 85.8 percent, according to STATS LLC.If this year's figure drops a similar 2.9 percentage points, it would end up at 89.5 percent, an enormous jump, statistically speaking.Denver Broncos kicker Matt Prater, the most accurate kicker in league history from 50 yards and out, said he thinks this year's spike is the culmination of several factors ranging from better athletes to improved coaching and superior training."Guys are just getting better and better," Prater said. "You get guys who are veterans in there and they learn from their mistakes and don't want to repeat them."Yet, it's not just the icy veined veterans who are nailing their kicks.Kickers coming out of college are having immediate success, too, much like the better-prepared rookie quarterbacks who no longer have to bide their time as backups.Heading into this weekend's slate beginning with Thursday night's Cleveland-Baltimore game, the Ravens' Justin Tucker, St. Louis' Greg Zuerlein and Minnesota's Blair Walsh were a combined 22-for-22 with each rookie having kicked at least a 55-yarder.Tucker and Walsh have game-winners already. Tucker's beat New England 31-30 last weekend as time expired and Walsh's came in overtime against Jacksonville after he kicked a 55-yarder as time expired in regulation."There's more camps for kids coming up the ranks now," Prater said. "You can get a good head start on it."During their high school years, both Walsh and Tucker attended kicking camps in California run by Chris Sailer, who kicked for UCLA in the 1990s.Kickers are also in the weight room more, employ specialized training and superior techniques, kick on more favorable surfaces, generally are better coached and are used more effectively and efficiently on game day.They benefit from better athleticism than their predecessors, come almost exclusively from soccer backgrounds, are aided by an increased emphasis on special teams and rule changes, and even by playing some of their games indoors.It all adds up to greater accuracy."Coaches are starting to let more opportunities happen, which will increase the percentage," Walsh said. "I just think guys are really starting to perfect what they do, and you're seeing a lot more great kickers today than you probably did in the past. You'd have a handful of great kickers and the rest would be pretty good, but not elite, but I think there's a ton of elite kickers in the NFL right now."The success rate has risen steadily from all distances, short and long, during the Super Bowl era. In 1967, for instance, barely 51 percent of all field goal attempts were good. Now, nine in 10 are splitting the uprights, which were moved to the back of the end zone in 1974.Back then, kickers were often converted linemen who happened to have strong legs. Now, every kicker in the NFL played soccer as a kid and all employ the soccer-style kick that has improved place-kickers' accuracy over the decades.Hall of Fame kicker Lou "The Toe" Groza made 54.9 percent of his field goal attempts, a percentage that would get him run off the roster today, not enshrined in Canton, Ohio.Kickers aren't just more accurate, but with such parity in the league, they're more important than ever.Through Week 3, 28 games were decided by one score, tied with 1988 for the most such games through the first three weeks. Last weekend, seven games were decided in the final minute of regulation or overtime, something that's happened just once before, in 1995. Five of those came down to a field goal.Among the seven game-winning field goals so far was Tucker's 27-yarder as time expired that gave the Ravens the victory over the New England Patriots last weekend in a rematch of the AFC championship game. In that title game, Billy Cundiff missed a 32-yard field goal in the closing seconds. In the encore, Tucker — who took the job away from Cundiff in training camp — drove his kick just inside the right upright."Bottom line is it went in," Tucker said. "That's all I care about. It went in."Patriots coach Bill Belichick wasn't so sure and he was fined $50,000 this week for grabbing a replacement official's arm after the game as he tried to see if the call was reviewable. It wasn't.Tucker, who beat out Cundiff with a perfect preseason, attributes his success to lessons he received from head coach John Harbaugh, special teams coach Jerry Rosburg and kicking consultant Randy Brown."I feel like I'm kicking the best I ever kicked," Tucker said. "Took a little work, took a couple of days, and now I feel like I'm striking the ball as confidently as I ever have."He's not the only one who feels that way.Prater's three field goals against Houston last week moved him past Jason Elam as the most accurate kicker in team history at 81 percent, and his 53-yarder made him 13 for 17 from 50 yards and out for a 76.5 percent clip, the best in league history with a minimum of 10 attempts.Ryan Succop's club-record sixth field goal gave Kansas City a 27-24 win in overtime at New Orleans last weekend. He was a perfect 6 for 6 on kicks ranging from 25 to 45 yards.Zuerlein, a sixth-round pick out of tiny Missouri Western, is 8 for 8 on field goals, including a 56-yarder last week, one yard shy of the Rams franchise record.What impresses his coaches is his steely resolve that belies his inexperience."I guess I'm just confident in my abilities," Zuerlein said. "I expect to make the kick, so I don't get nervous really."Rams special teams coach John Fassel said he's never worked with a kicker this talented so early in his career: "You see him in the mall, he looks like any other 24-year-old walking around," Fassel said. "But his leg speed is incredible."Zuerlein said years spent playing soccer probably account for his explosive leg power, not anything he does in the weight room."I can't squat a house or anything like that," Zuerlein said. "It's probably about the same amount of weight just an average person might lift."So far this season, there's been nothing ordinary about NFL kickers.___Online: http://pro32.ap.org/poll and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL___AP Pro Football Writer Dave Campbell and AP Sports Writers R.B. Fallstrom and David Ginsburg contributed to this story.___Follow AP Pro Football Writer Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton	3	3	3	2	3	3	2	2	2	2	3	3	3	1	3	4
BERLIN (Reuters) - A Turkish-German actress will read out Norwegian mass-murderer Anders Behring Breivik's bizarre courtroom speech in German theatres next month in an effort to highlight the widespread prevalence of far-right ideology in Europe.Swiss director Milo Rau adapted the script of "Breivik's Explanation" for the German stage from an audio recording of the hour-long speech the far-right nationalist gave in April before being sentenced by an Oslo court to 21 years in prison for killing 77 people last year.Though Breivik's talk of an international underground of killers - latter-day Crusaders he called the Knights Templar - seemed to be mere fantasy, many of his beliefs are to be found within the fold of anti-Muslim, anti-immigrant populists."His ideological `manifesto' is a distilled representation of a cultural crisis that pervades the European continent and finds expression in an increasingly xenophobic populism," Kirsten Simonsen, a professor at Denmark's Roskilde University, wrote in "Bloodlands", a 2012 series of essays about Breivik.Some notions touched on by Breivik in his justification for setting off a bomb in Oslo and shooting dozens of teenagers dead on an island retreat - that Europe and its indigenous cultures are being weakened by immigration and multiculturalism - have been helping reshape right-wing continental politics for years.The theatre performances in Weimar and Berlin are intended to promote the view that while Breivik's actions were those of a madman, the ideology that drove him is shockingly widespread in democratic societies like Switzerland and Germany, the 35-year-old director told Reuters."It's merely a coincidence that Breivik was the one saying it," Rau said. "His words could just as well have come from 60 percent of the Swiss population."Citing the language of far-right Swiss nationalists who enjoy wide support in his country, Rau added that issues such as a referendum banning the construction of minarets in Switzerland exposed the parallels between Breivik's hate speech and the xenophobia in European society.Breivik's words will merely be read rather than dramatised and there will be no courtroom scene, Rau said. Turkish-German actress Sascha Soydan was chosen to distance the Breivik "character" and his actions from the ideology that drove him."It's not a good speech and it doesn't make for good theatre either," Rau said. "I want to show a text and an ideology, I don't want to depict the person behind them - that's why I opted for this extremely unauthentic portrayal and very dry way of doing it."Only snippets of Breivik's speech were ever made public during the proceedings in April because judges thought publishing it in its entirety would only provide Breivik with a platform for his xenophobic views."There's a reason the speech wasn't allowed to leave the courtroom - so that no one tinkers around with it and makes it seem better than it was," Rau said.Performances are scheduled to take place in Weimar on October 19 and in Berlin on October 27. A panel discussion will follow both performances.(Reporting By Chris Cottrell)	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	2	4	2	2	3	4	3
KENT, Ohio (Reuters) - President Barack Obama flubbed a line during a campaign speech on Wednesday, mistakenly saying he wanted to export U.S. jobs, before correcting himself and jokingly blaming Republican rival Mitt Romney.In the middle of remarks to an enthusiastic crowd in the battleground state of Ohio, Obama was describing a five-point plan to boost employment and lay a "stronger foundation" for the U.S. economy when he stumbled at a crucial word."I want to see us export more jobs," Obama said, before catching himself quickly and saying, "Export more products.""Excuse me," he exclaimed, drawing laughter. "I was channelling my opponent there for a second."Obama frequently derides Romney, a former private equity executive, for being a "pioneer" of outsourcing jobs to other countries. With unemployment levels above 8 percent, both men are trying to convince voters they have the better plan to create jobs and boost the economy at home.(Reporting by Lisa Lambert, Writing by Jeff Mason; Editing by Peter Cooney)	3	2	2	3	3	2	1	2	2	1	2	2	1	1	2	4
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Nearly two decades after Colombian cocaine kingpin Pablo Escobar died in a hail of bullets, his eldest son is conquering new markets in Mexico - with a fashion line in his father's image.Sebastian Marroquin's designer T-shirts, plastered with photos of Escobar, are hot sellers in Mexican states that are on the front lines of the country's deadly drug war.The shirts are emblazoned with images of the Medellin cartel boss, who flooded the world with cocaine before he was shot dead in 1993. Featuring pictures from Escobar's student ID card, driver's license and other images, the shirts cost between $65 and $95 - a small fortune in a country where about half of the population lives in poverty."We're not trying to make an apology for drug trafficking, to glamorize it in the way that the media does," insists Marroquin, 39, who was born Juan Pablo Escobar Henao, but changed his name to avoid reprisals after his father's death.In a bid to head off criticism that the line glorifies drug crime, the shirts carry messages to provoke reflection. One bearing Escobar's student card reads: "What's your future looking like?" while a design emblazoned with his driver's license warns: "Nice pace, but wrong way."The cotton shirts, which went on sale last year in Mexico, are selling well in stores in Culiacan, the capital of western Sinaloa state, which is home of Mexico's most wanted trafficker, Sinaloa cartel chief Joaquin "Shorty" Guzman.The clothing is also on sale in Guadalajara in western Jalisco state, long a refuge for drug traffickers, which has been swept up in Mexico's raging drug violence. About 60,000 lives have been lost in the last six years.Analysts warn that the increasingly popular 'Escobar Henao' clothing line simply reinforces an already widespread fascination with the symbols of cartel culture such as marijuana leaves and AK-47s among youngsters in Mexico."I see it as a strong symbolic product," said Vicente Sanchez, a researcher at Mexico's Colegio de la Frontera Norte. "The state ... has to have a better grasp of things directed at young people, as that's the way that these anti-values gain ground," he added.But Marroquin, who has stores in Austria, Guatemala and the United States as well as Mexico, dismisses criticism, pointing to others who cashed in on his legacy. There are plenty of books on Escobar's exploits and even a Colombian television soap opera, "Pablo Escobar: The Boss of Evil" that aired this year."Those who set out to criticize me are the same who have profited from the story, life and name of Pablo Escobar," Marroquin told Reuters in an interview on Skype.The 39-year-old has said he held off opening stores in Colombia out of respect for drug trafficking victims there.Despite the success of the clothing line in Mexico and other markets, Marroquin insists that there has been an enduring downside to his father's legacy that has followed the family in the 19 years since his death."In 1994, we left Colombia ... but because of our surname, we couldn't get a passport anywhere in the world ... for the crime of having Escobar DNA," says Marroquin, who lives in Argentina. "We have lived liked criminals without being them."(Writing by Tim Gaynor; Editing by Simon Gardner and Stacey Joyce)	3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	4	3	4
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Evergreen New York Yankees pitcher Andy Pettitte gave the Bronx Bombers reason to rejoice on Wednesday in his return from a three-month injury absence despite an unfamiliar feel in a pennant race game.Pitching for the first time since fracturing an ankle on a batted ball on June 27, big-game pitcher Pettitte took the mound before an uncommonly sparse Yankee Stadium crowd of about 15,000 in a rescheduled game to make up for Tuesday night's rainout."I probably would have liked more of an October feel," the 40-year-old left-hander said after earning the win in a 4-2 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays that nudged the Yankees into first place in the American League East."It helps you get into the flow. In the beginning of the game, it was almost like you could hear people talking and I'm just trying to focus, you know what I'm saying?"So I think for me it would probably have been better if we had a packed house."Pettitte was not at his sharpest, having to pitch out of first-and-third jams in the second, third and fourth innings, but when he needed to, he was able to coax a ground ball that helped him escape danger.Yankees manager Joe Girardi was pleased."He pitched out of some jams, got some important strikeouts. He did a really good job," said the skipper.Asked how much Pettitte could help the Yankees, whose 10-game AL East lead in July has evaporated with the charge put on by the red-hot Orioles, Girardi said: "A lot. There's a lot of experience there and he knows how to get it done."Pettitte, who ended a one-year retirement from the Yankees to come back this season, said he was getting antsy to pitch."When you see these guys go through what they've been going through and I've been sitting here watching, trying to cheer-lead for them, it's just great to be able to go out there and contribute a little bit," he said."Any time you win at this time of the year is precious."Girardi said having Pettitte back was big."You have confidence in Andy because he knows how to get that double play ball, get that strikeout and make the big pitch, and know he's not going to be overwhelmed by the situation."Pettitte, who improved to 4-3, threw 75 pitches, right at the limit Girardi had set for him in his return. He gave up four hits, walked two and struck out three."I didn't think my command was as sharp as I would like. But it's obviously a good win and I'll take it," said Pettitte, a perfectionist who has thrived in the postseason and tops Major League Baseball's all-time list with 19 postseason wins. "It's good to get out there and compete with these guys."My arm feels great. I'm 100 percent. I just have to get my legs back in shape and get my pitch count up so I can get us late into games."Pettitte, winner of five World Series rings with the Yanks, said the team expects the race to go down to the wire."We know this is going to be a dog fight," added Pettitte, who said the team saw highlights of Tuesday night's 18-inning win by the Orioles over Seattle before Wednesday's game."Obviously, you'd love to see them lose some games, but we just need to keep winning, keep playing well."(Editing by Frank Pingue)	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	3	2	3	2	2	1	3	4
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The Philippine government and Muslim rebels resumed talks Tuesday on resolving final differences in a preliminary peace accord they hope to conclude soon, in what is expected to be a major breakthrough toward ending a decades-long rebellion in the country's south.Government negotiators met with representatives of the 11,000-strong Moro Islamic Liberation Front in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, to attempt to seal what they call a "framework agreement" on major issues, including the extent of power, revenues and territory to be granted to a Muslim-administered region. It would be the most significant progress in years of negotiations on ending a rebellion that has left more than 120,000 people dead and held back development in the south.Western governments have long been worried that rebel strongholds could become breeding grounds for al-Qaida-affiliated extremists.Rebel negotiator Mohagher Iqbal said at the talks' resumption that they are "now on the home stretch and the smell of success is reinforced every day."Iqbal warned that if the negotiations are not concluded soon, opponents might endanger a final deal. A breakaway rebel group has opposed the talks, and some Christian politicians, wary of losing land and power to minority Muslims, have been accused of undermining the negotiations."If we cannot conclude it soon successfully, now that we are at the brink of the exercise, we will be in trouble," Iqbal said. "The greatest source of risk comes from spoilers, leaders, and parties who believe that these ... negotiations threaten their power and interests."Government negotiator Marvic Leonen said that "to state that what we hope to be able to do again in the next few days is historical is definitely an understatement.""We are on the brink of layering the written predicates that can frame the process of building trust as we usher in an era of peace, of hope and of recovery," Leonen said.The Moro rebel group has been fighting for self-rule for minority Muslims in the predominantly Roman Catholic nation's south. It dropped a demand for a separate Muslim state and now seeks an expansion of an existing Muslim autonomous region and more powers and resources to rehabilitate the violent, poverty-wracked area.The initial accord is to contain general agreements on key issues. A transition commission would be established to work out the details of the preliminary pact, which would hopefully lead to a final accord in as little as three years, Iqbal has said.In 2008, the planned signing of a preliminary pact was scuttled when opponents went to the Supreme Court, which declared the agreement unconstitutional, prompting three rebel commanders to attack Christian communities in the south. The attacks and an ensuing military offensive killed more than 100 people and displaced about 750,000 villagers before a cease-fire was forged.Last August, a rebel faction opposed to the talks attacked several army camps and outposts in southern Maguindanao and North Cotabato provinces, sparking two weeks of sporadic fighting that left more than 50 dead and displaced 45,000 others. The new unrest eased after the military launched a crackdown.	4	4	4	3	4	3	2	3	3	2	3	1	1	2	3	4
As NASA's space shuttle Endeavour orbiter flew to its retirement home in sunny California today (Sept. 21), Gov. Edmund G. Brown Jr. signed legislation to bolster the commercial spaceflight sector in that state.The Assembly bill limits liability for private spaceflight companies.“California aerospace pioneers like Virgin Galactic, SpaceX and the Spaceship Company are blazing a path to the stars with commercial space travel,” Brown said in a statement. “This bill allows commercial space-travel companies to innovate and explore without the worry of excessive liability.”A summary overview of Assembly Bill 2243 shows that it provides qualified immunity from liability to a spaceflight entity for injuries to a space flight participant, so long as a written warning statement is provided to the participant and the injury was not the result of spaceflight entity's gross negligence or intentional acts. [Now Boarding: The Top 10 Private Spaceships]The bill requires a spaceflight entity to have each participant sign a “prescribed warning statement” acknowledging that the participant understands the “inherent risks associated with space flight activity, including death, and also acknowledging that the space flight entity has limited liability for injuries or damages sustained by a participant as a result of these inherent risks.”High desertLeading the measure that was targeted to an emerging industry in California was Assemblyman Steve Knight (R-Palmdale). Last August, the bill unanimously passed in both houses of the California State Legislature.Knight also said in a statement that, until recently, human space travel was accomplished through government space agencies, with volunteer participants assuming liability for injury and damage. Assembly Bill 2243 provides limited liability for commercial space ventures to ensure innovators remain competitive in this promising marketplace.“California, and specifically the High Desert, has a long tradition of pioneering aviation for a century, and human spaceflight since the Apollo era, and was the site of the first private human space flight event, which resulted in the winning of the Ansari X Prize in Mojave, California, in 2004,” Knight said.History of spaceflightOver the past few decades, Knight added, California has lost a significant slice of its human spaceflight industry development to other states, specifying Alabama, Colorado, Florida, New Mexico and Texas. The human spaceflight business in California, he said, continues to struggle due to the poor business climate in general, and the current litigious environment.“The history of space flight and California are inseparable,” Knight said. “Providing the commercial space industry with a competitive advantage will ensure our state maintains and possibly gains jobs in this important market.”The bill-signing was praised by Virgin Group founder Sir Richard Branson, who called California a state that tears down barriers and cultivates innovation, from social movements like environmentalism to the start-up culture of Silicon Valley.Branson called the bill a benefit to the teams at Virgin Galactic and The Spaceship Co. at the Mojave Air and Space Port — the construction site of the WhiteKnightTwo/SpaceShipTwo launch system.“This legislation will ensure that California continues to be a place that looks forward … and not back,” Branson said.For a complete look at the newlegislation, visit: http://leginfo.ca.gov/bilinfo.html and enter Assembly Bill 2243.Leonard David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades. He is a winner of last year's National Space Club Press Award and a past editor-in-chief of the National Space Society's Ad Astra and Space World magazines. He has written for SPACE.com since 1999.	3	3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	3	1	3	2	3	
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Playing a character called Fat Amy is probably not the dream of most Hollywood actresses but Australian comedienne Rebel Wilson enjoys breaking the rules - and she's not about to stop eating dessert.After several small but memorable roles in films such as "Bridesmaids" and "Bachelorette," the 27-year-old Wilson looks poised to make it big in the musical film "Pitch Perfect," which opens in U.S. movie theaters on Friday.The film, about an all-girls college singing group competing against male rivals, has an ensemble cast that includes Anna Kendrick, Brittany Snow and R&B singer Ester Dean.But it is Wilson who steals the show with wild antics and improvised one-liners as singer Fat Amy, a cardio-averse, over-confident member of acapella group The Bellas.Variety's review said the "picture belongs to Wilson," adding that the actress "fearlessly steps into yet another part that pokes fun at her figure, and happily reveals an outsized singing voice and hilarious dance moves to match."Boxoffice Magazine wrote that Fat Amy "is the role that will turn her into a star," pointing out that Wilson is "hilariously, thrillingly crude" and "could very easily gobble up the film if she weren't such a generous ensemble performer."Wilson has no qualms about making fun of her own figure."In comedy, you've got to use what you've got," Wilson told Reuters. "I'm not a size two, so of course I'm going to use that physicality to my advantage."Weight maybe be a factor in her newfound Hollywood career but she is conscious about staying healthy."You need to have a lot of stamina to do this (job,)" she points out. "I try to be healthy. I train three days a week with a trainer. But I do like to eat, clearly. And I do eat dessert every day. If I cut that out, yes, I would lose weight."At the moment, however, she has no plans to cut anything out and is enjoying breaking down barriers.She recently finished shooting action comedy "Pain and Gain" directed by Michael Bay, a filmmaker known for working with models and directing commercials for Victoria's Secret."Guess what I wear in the movie? Victoria's Secret underwear - that's all I'm dressed in," said Wilson."I know I'm not the physical body type that he usually casts, but for some reason he likes me and thinks I'm funny, so maybe I'm changing his mind," she said of the director.HALLUCINATIONWilson's physical stature was never something she thought would be a factor when it came to her career because she did not set out to be an actress.She graduated from the University of New South Wales with a law degree and was a Rotary International youth ambassador for Australia, stationed in South Africa. While there, she contracted malaria, an event she called "life-changing.""When I was in the hospital in intensive care, I had this hallucination that I was an actress and that I was really, really good, and that I won an Oscar," Wilson recalled.She decided to make a career change. Unable to find acting work or an agent, she wrote and starred in her own play, "The Westie Monologues," which became a huge success in Sydney.That led to professional work on Australian television shows and she eventually came to the United States. Last year's comedy hit "Bridesmaids" - in which she played Kristen Wiig's slacker, diary-reading roommate - put her instantly on the map."That really set the bar high," Wilson admitted. "I got a lot of movies off the back of that."She'll soon be getting more exposure in the TV comedy "Super Fun Night," which was picked up by ABC this month. In yet another sign that she's not just another Hollywood actress, she wrote the script for herself to star in.(Reporting By Zorianna Kit, editing by Jill Serjeant and Claudia Parsons)	3	4	2	3	4	2	2	4	4	1	3	2	4	2	3	
NAIROBI (Reuters) - A Kenyan junior minister was charged in court on Thursday with hate speech and inciting violence after calling on members of a tribe to leave a neighborhood in the capital Nairobi.Ferdinand Waititu is the second minister to be charged with inciting violence in two weeks, raising fears some politicians are still bent on stoking unrest for political gain ahead of a March presidential election.The prosecution told the court the assistant minister for water had said words "calculated to bring violence to members of the Maasai community living and working in Kayole," a densely-populated neighborhood in his Nairobi constituency of Embakasi.Waititu told the Maasai to leave the area on Monday after Maasai guards battered a street boy to death. He said: "We do not want to see members of the Maasai in Kayole from today," according to the prosecution.Two people were killed in fighting that broke out after Waititu's comments. Police are investigating whether the violence was linked to his remarks.Waititu was suspended from ministerial duties until the court case was concluded, President Mwai Kibaki's office said in a statement.Next year's vote will be the first since the International Criminal Court launched cases against four Kenyans, including two presidential contenders in the 2013 election, over accusations they masterminded tribal violence that killed more than 1,200 people following a disputed 2007 poll.Elections have traditionally been flashpoints of unrest in a country where political allegiances tend to be based on tribal loyalties rather than political ideology.Many Kenyans are wary of repeat clashes next year and a reconciliation body set up after the last bout of post-election violence has urged politicians to refrain from making inflammatory remarks.Mzalendo Kibunjia, who chairs the National Cohesion and Integration Commission in Kenya, said he hoped the judicial case against Waititu would deter other politicians from stoking unrest."Everybody who wants to campaign on those tired, old terrible politics, there will be no room for you. You had better learn new tricks of political mobilization," he told Reuters.Waititu, a political ally of deputy Prime Minister Uhuru Kenyatta who is one of the four facing crimes against humanity charges at the International Criminal Court, was remanded in custody until the court decided whether to grant bail.APOLOGYWaititu, from Kenya's Kikuyu group, apologized for his remarks which he called a "slip of the tongue" but failed to stop the prosecutor pressing charges, a move broadly supported by a public tired with politicians showing little regard for the law.Earlier this month, President Mwai Kibaki sacked Assistant Livestock Minister Dhadho Godana who was accused of inciting violence in a dispute over land and water in Kenya's coastal region in which over 100 people have been killed.Godana pleaded not guilty and was released on bail.Waititu, who is running for governor of Nairobi, was bound to lose his position as assistant minister under the terms of a new constitution enacted in 2010.The constitution requires ministers to resign when they are charged with serious crimes, a measure designed to end decades of impunity.(Editing by Richard Lough and Andrew Heavens)	4	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	3	2	3	1	1	2	3	4
MOGADISHU (Reuters) - Gunmen shot dead a Somali lawmaker on Saturday, witnesses said, the first assassination of a member of the war-torn country's newly appointed parliament.The unidentified assailants fired several shots at Mustaf Haji Mohamed shortly after evening prayers in Mogadishu's Waberi district, the latest in a wave of militant attacks since the assembly elected President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud on September 10.Mohamud has said improving security is his priority, and such attacks underscore the scale of the challenge he faces in a country where regional administrations, clan militias, Islamist militants and pirates vie for power.On Friday, gunmen shot dead a radio reporter, a day after three journalists were among 15 people killed in a suicide bombing that targeted a popular restaurant.There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the shooting of Mohamed."Mustaf Haji Mohamed was shot dead by merciless individuals after coming out of the mosque," Mohamed Osman Jawaari, speaker of parliament, said in a statement. "He was a loyal citizen."Mohamed Hussein, a neighbor of Mohamed, said the lawmaker was killed outside his home.(Reporting by Mohamed Ahmed; Editing by Richard Lough and Pravin Char)	3	3	3	4	3	3	4	4	2	2	3	2	1	4	3	4
If you're looking to take a day off from posting on Facebook, choose Wednesday, but don't rest on Sunday or you'll miss the best opportunity of the week.That's the advice from Buddy Media's "Strategies for Effective Wall Posts: A Timeline Analysis," a report based on activity from 1,800 of the world's biggest brand pages from April 1 to May 31.[More from Mashable: Facebook, Gates Foundation Team Up to Create Apps For Future College Students]As with previous Buddy Media reports on the subject, the analysis found that marketers are still posting too little on weekends and at night and when they do post, they're way too verbose.Weekends, when brands post too little, the audience appears primed for interaction, though it varies by industry. For "advertising and consulting," for example, weekend posts get 69% higher interaction, but only 11% of posts are published on Saturday and Sunday. Not every industry has the same pattern, though: Thursday is the biggest day of the week for "clothing and fashion" while Monday is the biggest for "general retail."[More from Mashable: The 10 Pages That Lost the Most Fans From Facebook’s Purge]In general, though, Hump Day is the worst day to post; interactions on Wednesday are 7.4% lower than average.Once again, the study also found that off-hours are the best time to post. Brand posts between 8 pm and 7 am got 14% higher interaction than those published between 8 am and 7 pm.Meanwhile, when it comes to posts, less is more. Brands that post one or two times a day see 19% higher interaction rates than those that publish three or more posts. "The key is not to bombard fans with too many posts, as Facebook News Feed optimization often penalizes for this," the report cautions.And while Twitter has a 140-character limit, Buddy Media suggests a self-imposed 80-character wall for Facebook posts. Such posts get a 23% higher interaction than longer posts. However, 75% of posts are beyond that limit. It's also a good idea to run photos -- photo posts get 39% higher interaction rates than average. Text-only posts aren't a bad option either, though: They get a 12% higher-than-average rate. Video and link posts appear to be the worst option: They have lower-than-average interaction rates.Among the other recommendations:This story originally published on Mashable here.	3	3	3	2	3	2	2	2	2	2	3	2	1	1	3	4
(Reuters) - Stryker Corp said on Tuesday it expanded the recall of its Neptune waste management product line to include later versions because U.S. health authorities have advised the company that these devices do not have proper regulatory clearance.In June, the company issued a Class 1 recall, the most serious type, of its Neptune waste system after receiving two reports of serious injury and a fatality resulting from the use of the product.The company also notified customers that it was recalling the instructions for use because they did not specifically warn against connecting the high vacuum/high flow device to a passive drainage tube.In a press release, Stryker, a maker of hospital beds and orthopedic implants, said the U.S. Food and Drug Administration is unable to determine whether these last-generation devices are as safe and effective as their legally marketed predecessor, the Neptune 1.(Reporting By Debra Sherman; Editing by Gerald E. McCormick)	2	2	2	3	2	2	2	2	2	1	2	1	1	2	2	4
DAMASCUS, Syria (AP) — Syrian authorities have sent text messages over cell phones nationwide with a message for rebels fighting President Bashar Assad's regime: "Game over."The messages signed by the Syrian Arab Army also urge the rebels to surrender their weapons and warn the countdown to evict foreign fighters has begun.Syrians say they began receiving the messages Thursday, a day after rebels bombed a military command center in Damascus — a major security breach of the heavily guarded capital.Despite the high-profile attack, the two sides have been locked in a stalemate after 18 months of conflict.Last month, Syrian army helicopters dropped leaflets warning rebels in Damascus to hand over their arms and seek amnesty.	3	3	3	2	2	2	2	2	3	2	2	1	1	2	3	4
Why do straight men devote so much headspace to those big, bulbous bags of fat drooping from women's chests? Scientists have never satisfactorily explained men's curious breast fixation, but now, a neuroscientist has struck upon an explanation that he says "just makes a lot of sense."Larry Young, a professor of psychiatry at Emory University who studies the neurological basis of complex social behaviors, thinks human evolution has harnessed an ancient neural circuit that originally evolved to strengthen the mother-infant bond during breast-feeding, and now uses this brain circuitry to strengthen the bond between couples as well. The result? Men, like babies, love breasts.When a woman's nipples are stimulated during breast-feeding, the neurochemical oxytocin, otherwise known as the "love drug," floods her brain, helping to focus her attention and affection on her baby. But research over the past few years has shown that in humans, this circuitry isn't reserved for exclusive use by infants.Recent studies have found that nipple stimulation enhances sexual arousal in the great majority of women, and it activates the same brain areas as vaginal and clitoral stimulation. When a sexual partner touches, massages or nibbles a woman's breasts, Young said, this triggers the release of oxytocin in the woman's brain, just like what happens when a baby nurses. But in this context, the oxytocin focuses the woman's attention on her sexual partner, strengthening her desire to bond.In other words, men can make themselves more desirable by stimulating a woman's breasts during foreplay and sex. Evolution has, in a sense, made men want to do this.Attraction to breasts "is a brain organization effect that occurs in straight males when they go through puberty," Young told Life's Little Mysteries. "Evolution has selected for this brain organization in men that makes them attracted to the breasts in a sexual context, because the outcome is that it activates the female bonding circuit, making women feel more bonded with him. It's a behavior that males have evolved in order to stimulate the female's maternal bonding circuitry." [Why Do Men Have Nipples?]So, why did this evolutionary change happen in humans, and not in other breast-feeding mammals? Young thinks it's because we form monogamous relationships, whereas 97 percent of mammals do not. "Secondly, it might have to do with the fact that we are upright and have face-to-face sex, which provides more opportunity for nipple stimulation during sex. In monogamous voles, for example, the nipples are hanging toward the ground and the voles mate from behind, so this didn't evolve," he said. "So, maybe the nature of our sexuality has allowed greater access to the breasts."Young said competing theories of men's breast fixation don't stand up to scrutiny. For example, the argument that men tend to select full-breasted women because they think these women's breast fat will make them better at nourishing babies falls short when one considers that "sperm is cheap" compared with eggs, and men don't need to be choosy.But Young's new theory will face scrutiny of its own. Commenting on the theory, Rutgers University anthropologist Fran Mascia-Lees, who has written extensively about the evolutionary role of breasts, said one concern is that not all men are attracted to them. "Always important whenever evolutionary biologists suggest a universal reason for a behavior and emotion: how about the cultural differences?" Mascia-Lees wrote in an email. In some African cultures, for example, women don't cover their breasts, and men don't seem to find them so, shall we say, titillating.Young says that just because breasts aren't covered in these cultures "doesn't mean that massaging them and stimulating them is not part of the foreplay in these cultures. As of yet, there are not very many studies that look at [breast stimulation during foreplay] in an anthropological context," he said.Young elaborates on his theory of breast love, and other neurological aspects of human sexuality, in a new book, "The Chemistry Between Us" (Current Hardcover, 2012), co-authored by Brian Alexander.Follow Natalie Wolchover on Twitter @nattyover or Life's Little Mysteries @llmysteries. We're also on Facebook & Google+.	4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	2	3	2	2	1	4	4
This photo, taken by Justin Bieber, took the gold for the most shared photo of the week.46,218 retweets. Original photo.Click here to view this gallery.[More from Mashable: Here’s Why Tumblr Will Be Down Next Weekend]Well, it's that time again.Per usual, Justin Bieber and One Direction absolutely dominated the "Most Shared TwitPic Realm" this week -- but some NFL refs made the cut, too.[More from Mashable: Most People Don’t Use Social Media to Its Full Potential]The good folks over at Skylines went through 22,733,647 unique TwitPics and came up with a list of the most shared and talked about. Browse through the gallery above to see the top 10.Any photos you think should have made the list? Let us know below.This story originally published on Mashable here.	2	3	3	2	2	3	2	3	3	3	4	1	1	1	2	4
Samsung's new commercial for the Galaxy S III poked fun at the frenzy around the iPhone 5. Our readers debated the ad's appeal.Click here to view this gallery.[More from Mashable: Top 8 Comments on Mashable This Week]The theme of last week at Mashable was change. Whether we were upgrading our software or our Internet security, our whole community was thinking about change. In an age when it seems like change is the only constant, many of our readers were asking, "Is change always a good thing?"With the release of the new iPhone 5 Friday, everyone in the tech world was ready to chime in. Rival mobile manufacturer Samsung released an ad that mocked the iPhone's loyal fanbase, which succeeded in igniting a heated discussion among our readers.[More from Mashable: Top 8 Comments on Mashable This Week]It wasn't just the iPhone 5 that was newly available from Apple last week. Even earlier iPhone models could upgrade to iOS 6. There were plenty of things to love about the update, but the new Apple Maps wasn't topping many lists, and our readers let us know how they felt about the new features.And even though Facebook didn't release any updates, it drew quite a bit of attention as well. In an increasingly digital era, we continually face questions about the legal ramifications of our online presence. Two such stories grabbed the community's attention, involving a discrimination lawsuit and one Facebooker who "LOL-ed" about her DUI. Readers responded with their own musings on the technicalities of the U.S. legal system.And for those of us concerned about Internet security, a possible gap in Internet Explorer's security had our readers questioning the evolution of the longtime browser.Finally, an infographic asked whether the printed book is doomed to fall into obsolescence. This inspired the Mashable community to sound off on the changing experience of the reader, with many admitting that they were torn between the tactile experience of a paper book and the convenience of an e-reader.As always, our readers brought incredible insight to Mashable's content last week. Join in on the conversation with Mashable Follow and brush up on our guidelines for comments. Check back for top comments next week, when you might find your comments featured!Image courtesy of Flickr, KasaaThis story originally published on Mashable here.	2	2	2	2	2	1	1	2	2	1	2	3	2	1	2	4
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Thursday imposed sanctions on Japan's second largest yakuza crime syndicate and its leaders, freezing their U.S. assets and blocking their transactions with American entities.The financial penalties against the Sumiyoshi-Kai clan and its two leaders are the second time the Obama administration has tried to disrupt the yakuza's activities since it identified the Japanese group as a significant criminal organization.Sumiyoshi-Kai's leader, Shigeo Nishiguchi, and the clan's deputy, Hareaki Fukuda, were added to the U.S. Treasury's list of persons hit with asset freezes.In February, the Obama administration imposed similar sanctions on the most prominent yakuza crime family, the Yamaguchi-gumi, as well as its godfather and deputy godfather.The U.S. Treasury did not provide details on whether the yakuza has any assets under U.S. jurisdiction or how the sanctions have undermined the Japanese crime group.(Reporting By Rachelle Younglai; editing by Andrew Hay)	3	3	3	3	2	2	2	2	2	1	2	1	1	2	2	
LONDON (Reuters) - A study of eunuchs in Korea's royal court has found men without testicles live longer.Researchers looking at the court of the Chosun Dynasty found eunuchs lived to 70 on average, or 14 to 19 years longer than "intact" men of similar socio-economic status.Three of the 81 eunuchs studied lived to 100 or more, giving the group a centenarian rate some 130 times that in developed nations today.During the dynasty, which ran from 1392 to 1910, boys in Korea sometimes underwent castration in order to serve as eunuchs and gain access to the privileged life of the palace.Employed through history as guards or servants in harems across the Middle East and Asia, eunuchs in the Chosun court were allowed to marry and had families through adoption.Kyung-Jin Min of Inha University and Cheol-Koo Lee of Korea University believe the longevity of the eunuchs was not simply attributable to their privileged lifestyle."Except for a few eunuchs, most lived outside the palace and spent time inside the palace only when they were on duty," Min told Reuters.In contrast, the average lifespan of the kings, who spent their whole lives inside the palace, was just 47 years.Previous studies have shown female mammals generally live longer than males, and one explanation is that testosterone weakens the immune system and can increase the chances of heart disease.Scientists have also found that castration typically prolongs lifespan in animals but studies on people have been inconclusive.While data on mentally ill, institutionalized men showed them living longer, the lifespan of castrato singers was not significantly different from their non-castrated counterparts.The study was published in the journal Current Biology.(Reporting by Chris Wickham; editing by Jason Neely)	3	3	3	3	3	2	2	3	3	1	3	1	1	1	3	4
JEFFERSON CITY, Missouri (Reuters) - If anyone in the Republican Party harbors illusions that Todd Akin will bow out of the Missouri U.S. Senate race by a September 25 deadline, he is quite happy to disabuse them."That's not going to happen," the Missouri congressman told Reuters after a rally Friday afternoon at the state Capitol. "The primary voters of Missouri gave me a job to do. That job is to beat (Democratic incumbent) Claire McCaskill."Akin was pilloried last month when he said in a television interview that women's bodies have natural biological defenses against pregnancy following "legitimate rape."The Republican party turned on Akin, including its presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who said Akin should step aside. Powerhouse conservative groups American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS pulled funding from Missouri, as did the National Republican Senatorial Committee.What Republicans had seen as a likely win in a conservative state in their quest to seize control of the U.S. Senate became an uphill battle. Akin had led polls before the gaffe but a recent poll has McCaskill ahead by 6 percentage points.President Barack Obama's Democrats now control the Senate, 53-47. Republicans would need a net gain of four seats on Election Day to take the chamber, 51-49. They would need just three, however, if Romney wins the White House because control of an evenly split Senate would be determined by the vice president, who breaks all tie votes."If I had to put money on it, I'd bet on a small victory for McCaskill," said Marvin Overby, a politics professor at the University of Missouri at Columbia.With six weeks until the November 6 election there is still time for something dramatic to happen in this race, Overby said.Akin could still leave the race if he files a court petition to do so by this Tuesday. But few believe he will.Akin has several things going for him. He has grassroots conservative support, the former Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Newt Gingrich is campaigning for him, and Tea Party king-maker and South Carolina U.S. Senator Jim DeMint says he may offer funds to Akin.But he faces a well-funded opponent in McCaskill, who describes Akin as "on the far right" and herself as a bipartisan centrist in a bid for the moderate voters they both need."I believe his views are extreme and out of the mainstream for Missourians," McCaskill said on Friday in a debate with Akin in Columbia."RAPE IS RAPE"Congressman Akin's rape comments have become the butt of a number of jokes, including an "illegitimate rape" whistle - "sounding off on legitimate stupidity" - sold by a group in St. Louis with proceeds going to charity.Those passions prompted by the comments were on display at the Friday rally organized by Missouri Women Standing With Todd Akin, which was attended by around 100 supporters.A few dozen protesters gathered across the road from the state Capitol and chanted "rape is rape.""I am shocked there are women who would stand against their own interests by supporting Todd Akin," said Courtney Cole, sporting a "rape is rape" badge and holding a sign saying "women's rights are human rights.""I hope this wakes women up," she said.Supporters such as Mary Howerton, who said she has known Akin for 20 years and admires the fact that, like her, he had home schooled his children."I honestly don't know why people found Todd Akin's (rape) comments so offensive," Howerton said. "I asked my husband and he said he didn't find them offensive either."Almost all of the speakers at the rally focused on abortion. Stacey Shore, "a mom, a wife and a proud Christian," said "they can call it (abortion) a choice, but the truth is, it's murder.""We are not a moderate state," Shore said. "We are a conservative state and we stand by our Christian values."Akin himself seemed relaxed, taking the microphone from the lectern and strolling in front of a statue of Thomas Jefferson.Afterward, he said he expects Republicans donors "to take a look at this race" if it remains competitive. "Republicans are going to have to ask, 'Are we just going to ignore the fact that this is a race we can win?'" Akin said."THAT SOUNDS LIKE ME"Political scientists note that Akin won the August 7 Missouri primary despite being outspent three to one, so he is no stranger to uphill battles.According to the most recent regulatory filings, as of mid-July McCaskill has raised $10.3 million to Akin's $2.3 million - which he spent in the primary."He has to stay on message. He cannot afford off-the-cuff remarks if he wants to appeal to moderate suburban voters," Overby said.Grassroots supporters say Akin needs to stay focused on jobs and the economy to win. His speech on Friday ended on the economy but otherwise was focused mostly on abortion.McCaskill touts bipartisan compromise to win over moderates. In one television ad called "Fifty," she boasts of a National Journal 2012 ranking of senators from liberal to conservative that places her right in the middle."I work across the aisle and I don't think compromise is a dirty word," McCaskill says in the commercial.Kay Henderson, a sales representative in the St. Louis area, describes herself as a moderate voter who "almost never" votes for Democrats and says she likes the McCaskill commercial."I see myself as a moderate and that ad really speaks to me," she said. "I don't know if it will make me vote for McCaskill, but I'm tired of extremes and want the folks in Washington to work together and get things done." (Reporting By Nick Carey; Editing by Greg McCune and Philip Barbara)	3	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	2	4	2	2	3	3	
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — If there's one thing that can unite political foes in Wisconsin, it just may be the Green Bay Packers.Republican Gov. Scott Walker, who made a national name for himself by going after public employee unions last year, posted a message on Twitter calling for the return of the NFL's locked-out unionized officials after a disputed call led to a Seattle Seahawks 14-12 victory over the Packers on Monday night."After catching a few hours of sleep, the (hash)Packers game is still just as painful. (hash)Returntherealrefs," Walker tweeted early Tuesday.Democratic state Sen. Jon Erpenbach, who was one of 14 Democrats who fled to Illinois for three weeks last year in opposition to Walker's union proposal, said he saw the irony in Walker's post but in Wisconsin "we're all fans, first and foremost.""If you were born and raised in Wisconsin, you were raised on the Packers," Erpenbach said. "Every Sunday it's Packers and pancakes, not necessarily in that order."The NFL locked out the officials in June after their contract expired. The league has been using replacement officials, and through three weeks of the regular season there has been much criticism over the way some games are being handled.Walker's spokesman Cullen Werwie tried to spin the governor's post on Tuesday, saying it wasn't meant as a pro-union political statement. Walker's tweet was being widely mocked on Twitter in light of his push last year that effectively ended collective bargaining for teachers, nurses and most other public workers."I don't think this anything to do with unions, but has everything to do with refs making bad calls," Werwie said.Erpenbach was so incensed over the game that around midnight Monday night he tweeted two different public phone numbers for NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell and urged people to call and voice their displeasure."I could never ref an NFL football game, ever," Erpenbach said. "The replacement refs are doing the best they can do out there, but the commissioner doesn't want this to sink to a World Wrestling Federation-type event on Sunday. They have to do something. It calls into question the integrity of the game."While Erpenbach himself plans to leave a message for Goodell urging an end to the referee labor dispute, he won't be advising the Packers to employ the same tactics he and the other Democratic senators did last year."I would not recommend the Packers get on a bus and leave the state," he said.	3	3	2	4	3	3	3	4	4	1	3	3	1	2	3	4
Doctors who treat children see scores of kids with minor illnesses every day, but serious infections are rare. When such illnesses strike, children greatly benefit from having their illnesses diagnosed early, but often, the early signs are missed.One way that to ensure that children with serious infections are treated quickly is for doctors to heed their "gut feelings" in assessing the children's behavior, according to a new study from Belgium.The study showed that in two out of six cases where a child had a serious infection, but didn't have the clinical red-flag signs of one, the doctor had a gut feeling that something was wrong."Gut feelings should not be ignored, but used in decision-making," the researchers wrote in their study, published Tuesday (Sept .25) in the journal BMJ.Dr. Robert Chun, an assistant professor at the Children's Hospital of Wisconsin, said, "You have to have what I call 'a healthy amount of paranoia.' You cannot miss something that could hurt them for their life."All kids — from those with the most severe physical or mental delays, to the most advanced children — give off signs when something is wrong beyond what their lab results may show, he said.Where gut feelings come fromPrimary care physicians often see children with serious illnesses when their symptoms have yet to develop in measurable terms, according to the study.Chun said that doctors with experience treating children know that those who are acting lethargic or tired, despite having normal lab results, are cause for concern.In the study, the researchers considered the cases of 3,890 children who were seen by primary care doctors for illnesses they had had for less than five days. Doctors were asked whether they had a gut feeling, beyond the child's symptoms, that the child was seriously ill.It turned out that 21 of the children were admitted to the hospital with serious infections, such as pneumonia or meningitis. Six of these children had not been referred immediately to the hospital, because in their initial visit with the doctor, their clinical signs didn’t warrant it. In two of these cases, doctors had indicated they had gut feelings that something was wrong.But such feelings can also be wrong. In the study, doctors had gut feelings in 44 cases where those feelings turned out to be a false alarm.Chun said that number of false alarms is not a reason to ignore the case where gut feelings were correct."No one remembers the kid that you suspected, that turned out to be fine," he said. "But every one remembers the things you didn't look into — those are the ones that haunt you."The role of parentsIn the study, the researchers attempted to learn more about the basis for gut feelings by asking doctors exactly what prompted their uneasiness. They found that gut feelings were most likely to arise when a child had a history of convulsions.Additionally, gut feelings were strongly influenced by parents' concerns about their child's illness.Chun said, "When a child is lethargic, when the parents say, 'this is unusual,' as a clinician, you need to have a enough humility to know that even those all the lab numbers are normal, you need to look closer, and be more anxious."In fact, Chun recently treated a 5-year-old boy with a rare infection of necrotizing fasciitis (sometimes called flesh-eating bacteria), and parental intuition played a role in the case. "Moms and dads know their kid, they know that something's not right," he said."There's nothing scientific about this," he said, adding that a more objective way to diagnose rare infections would certainly be desirable. Getting second opinions from colleagues can help.But in the meantime, "when you have that feeling, you have to investigate further," he said.Pass it on: Doctors' gut feelings may help diagnose children's rare infections, a new study suggests.FollowMyHealthNewsDaily on Twitter @MyHealth_MHND. We're also on Facebook & Google+.	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	2	3	1	1	1	4	4
MEDINAH, Ill. (AP) — Zach Johnson delivered only the second point of the day for the Americans at the Ryder Cup, beating Graeme McDowell 2 and 1.The United States now leads Europe 12-11, and needs 2 ½ points to regain the cup. The Americans have the lead in two of the remaining five matches.It was McDowell who delivered the winning point for Europe at Celtic Manor two years ago, but he was no match for Johnson on Sunday. The 2007 Masters champion led from the first hole, and McDowell conceded when Johnson put his 35-footer for birdie to two feet on the par-3 17. Johnson shook hands with McDowell and then turned to the crowd, urging them to cheer for one of the Americans' few bright spots of the day.	2	3	3	2	2	2	2	2	1	2	1	2	2	2	2	4
Available in nine colorsClick here to view this gallery.[More from Mashable: Camera+ Arrives on the iPad]Carbon Audio's Zooka Bluetooth Speaker Bar is a versatile stand for your iPad that also wirelessly supplements that tablet's tinny speaker. It works with any Bluetooth compatible device -- including laptops -- and because of its flexible silicone construction, you can prop up lots of devices with it while it cranks out the sound. We gave it a listen.When I first held this Zooka speaker bar in my hands, I was impressed with the silicone material used for its construction. It has a silky feel to it, and it's flexible enough to fit all three models of the iPad, all of which I successfully fit into its flexible slot.[More from Mashable: Is ‘Bad Piggies’ More Fun Than ‘Angry Birds’?]I also tested the Zooka perched atop a MacBook Pro with Retina display, and it fit perfectly on the display without getting in the way of the screen. It also works on a MacBook Air, and any other modern laptop with Bluetooth compatibility and a thin screen. With all the Bluetooth devices with which I tested it, the Zooka paired up easily and sounded a lot better than any onboard speakers.There's a kickstand that stows away inside, and it's easy to remove it and screw it into the back of the device, turning it into an ideal stand for iPads or other similarly dimensioned tablets, smartphones or music players. I even tried it with an iPhone 5, which works particularly well in portrait mode because of the little cutout for the iPhone's Home button, and can function in landscape mode if you carefully place it within the silicone slot.There's even a decent microphone that works well as a speakerphone, and it's great for FaceTime or Skype conversations. And if you don't have Bluetooth, there's an auxiliary jack on the bottom that can accommodate any device which outputs audio via a 3.5 mm jack. And the company says the Zooka's "extended battery life" will let you rock your tunes for eight hours before you need to recharge, which in my testing seemed like a conservative estimate.How does it sound? I tried the Zooka for listening to all types of music, and while its high frequencies and mid-range sound is excellent and surprisingly powerful, the small, side-firing speakers had trouble with bass. Its sound is nowhere near as good as most of the bulky Bluetooth docks I've tested, but it's certainly a whole lot better than the iPad's and iPhone's internal speakers.I especially like using the Zooka to watch Netflix video on an iPad. I noticed the sound was perfectly usable, unless I was watching a movie that had lots of explosions -- making its weak bass response more noticeable. But there's a trade-off here -- the upside is that it's so portable, you can take it along with you for acceptable sound wherever you go.Formerly a Kickstarter project, this beautifully designed speaker bar is now available in the Apple Store for $99.95. Given its high-quality construction, good sound, quality materials and user-friendly design, I think it's a good value, especially if you can find it somewhere on sale.[From Carbon Audio]This story originally published on Mashable here.	3	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	1	4	4
